Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. We do now. Say that again. Oh. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Did you hurt your head? Go.

Maybe you were adopted. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Well, Biff. Never? That's for messing up my hair.

The storm. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Right. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Yeah.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. He's a peeping tom. Dad. No. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Flux capacitor. Oh. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Get your meat hooks off of me. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Unroll their fire. Where the hell are they. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. You'll find out. I guarantee it. Yeah, I think maybe you do.

Its good. How's your head? Ohh, no. George. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Look, you gotta listen to me. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. That's him. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Ronald Reagon.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. What was it, George, bird watching?

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Doc, you gotta help- What you got under here? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? What did you say?

Well, they're bigger than me. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Well, I figured, what the hell.

Yeah, where does he live? Will you take care of that? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. C'mon. Hey. What, I don't get what happened.

Thanks a lot, kid. Doc, is that a de- Good morning. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Huh?

Huh? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. It's about the future, isn't it? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Your, your right. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Doc. Well, this is a radiation suit. Marty, such a nice name. It's a board with wheels. He's your brother, Mom.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Doc. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Marty. Marty. Marty. Say that again. Science Fiction Theater. Right. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Leave me alone. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Damn. I'm late for school. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Will you take care of that?

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? C'mon, c'mon let's go. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. It's about the future, isn't it?

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. What, what, ma?

Damn. I'm late for school. Did you hurt your head? Really. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

I will. Ah, where're my pants? Listen, Doc. The future, it's where you're going? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

That's George McFly? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Lorraine. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Sit here, Marty. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Ah, honey, your first novel.

George, help me, please. Stop it. What Lorraine, what? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Are you sure about this storm?

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Never? Will you take care of that? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Flux capacitor. Uh, look me up when you get there. Why is she gonna get angry with you? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. You know what I do in those situations? I just wanna use the phone.

What's the meaning of this. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? That ain't no airplane, look. Who is that guy. George, help me, please.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. What Lorraine, what? Ahh. George. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Holy shit. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. George: you ever think of running for class president? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Oh yes sir. Uh, I think so.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. What? Where does he come from? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Aw yeah, everything is great.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. That's a big bruise you have there. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Hi, Marty. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. God dammit, I'm late. Who do you think, the Libyans. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. What? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Yeah, who are you? Your, your right.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Hello. Don't say a word. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Jennifer.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. What did I just say? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. I'll call you tonight. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Ahh. Yoo.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. What? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. How's your head?

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. You do? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. What? I've gotta go. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

That ain't no airplane, look. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. I'm gonna be at the dance.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Marty, such a nice name. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Erased from existence.

Science Fiction Theater. Actually, people call me Marty. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Go. Go. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Are you gonna order something, kid? Listen, Doc. Hey boy, are you alright? Right.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Go. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Right check, Doc.

Hi. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Huh? Thanks a lot, kid. The keys are in the trunk.

Jesus, you smoke too? He's alright. Uh, coast guard. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. You okay, is everything alright?

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Really.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Yoo. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

What's a rerun? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Well uh, good, fine. Ronald Reagon. Wrecked? When did this happen and- I followed you. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Take care. Hello. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Well uh, good, fine.

And where's my reports? Watch it, Goldie. Whoa, whoa, okay. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. And where's my reports? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

You do? That's George McFly? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. I followed you.

Will you take care of that? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I will. The storm. The flux capacitor.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Ahh. Ahh. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

No, why, what's a matter? Go. Go. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Ah. Whoa. C'mon. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. C'mon. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Really.

What Lorraine, what? Leave her alone, you bastard. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Watch it, Goldie. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Scram, McFly. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? What did you say? Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Right. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Let's get him. Uh, Doc. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Okay Doc, this is it. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Doc, is that a de-

Are you okay? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- God dammit, I'm late. Okay.

Let's get him. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I have to tell you about the future. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. That ain't no airplane, look.

Right. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Weight has nothing to do with it. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

What? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Where were we. Erased from existence. Right.

Well uh, good, fine. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Yeah.

Yeah, who are you? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Children.

Leave me alone. He's your brother, Mom. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. I don't wanna see you in here again. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Lorenzo, where're you keys? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Alright, I'm ready. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Ah, where're my pants?

You do? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Just finishing up the second coat now. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. this has gotta be a dream. Oh, what I meant to day was- The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Unroll their fire. No, not yet. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

I, I don't know. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Science Fiction Theater. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. I followed you.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Yeah. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. George, help me, please.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I have a feeling too. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Ahh. Well, I figured, what the hell. Uh, well, I gotta go. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Do you mind if we park for a while?

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. He's an absolute dream. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Wrecked?

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Did you hurt your head? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. What's with the life preserver?

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Aw yeah, everything is great. Oh. Right. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Right check, Doc. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Where?

Actually, people call me Marty. Look, you gotta listen to me. I have to tell you about the future. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Alright, we're the pinheads. No, Doc.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Right. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Right about here. Uh, coast guard. Ohh, no. You got a permit for that?

Marty, you made it. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Uh, I think so.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Right. Yeah, where does he live? No. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo What's going on? Where have you been all week? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Okay. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

What about George? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. this has gotta be a dream.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Huh? No.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. You too. What the hell is a gigawatt? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Wait a minute.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. And he could sleep in my room. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Watch it, Goldie.

Weight has nothing to do with it. Thanks, thanks a lot. You'll find out in thirty years. What's with the life preserver? Doc.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Marty, will we ever see you again? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Hello. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. What's a rerun? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Quiet. That's good advice, Marty.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Holy shit. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? And he could sleep in my room. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

I'm gonna be at the dance. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Calvin. That's a big bruise you have there. No, bastards.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Yeah, he's right here. The keys are in the trunk. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

That's him. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Next, please. Hello.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Hello, Jennifer. Yeah. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Right, I got it. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. I hope so. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Just finishing up the second coat now. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Weight has nothing to do with it. Marty, that was very interesting music. Stop it.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. How about a ride, Mister? No, why, what's a matter? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yeah, he's right here. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Lorraine. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Hi, Marty. Yeah. Yeah, sure, okay. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Thanks. That's good advice, Marty. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Back to the future.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

That's good advice, Marty. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. You got a permit for that? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Maybe you were adopted. That's good advice, Marty. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Quiet. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

What? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Where the hell are they.

The flux capacitor. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. That's a big bruise you have there. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

George. Yeah. Are you gonna order something, kid? Biff. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Yeah, it's 8:00. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Well, I figured, what the hell. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Right check, Doc. The storm. Marty, such a nice name. Say that again. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Marty, is that you? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Hey.

What's that thing he's on? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Lorenzo, where're you keys? You do? This is for all you lovers out there.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Doc?

Well, they're bigger than me. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Okay. Ah, where're my pants? Hi.

The hell you doing to my car? You know what I do in those situations? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. What? Right.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Jesus, you smoke too? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

He's your brother, Mom. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Yeah, I think maybe you do. I said the keys are in here. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Let's go. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Biff. Yoo.

Who, who? What's with the life preserver? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. That's him. Bet your ass it works.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. I have to tell you about the future. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Let's go. Who is that guy.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? What? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Why not? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

That ain't no airplane, look. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Jesus.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Go. This sounds pretty heavy. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Yeah.

Hello. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. What? What's the meaning of this. Uh, I think so.

Jennifer. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? What, I don't get what happened.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. What? Okay. I can't play. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Hi. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? That's George McFly.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. George. Lorraine.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Is she pretty? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. What was it, George, bird watching? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. It's my dad.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. You do? What's a rerun? Nothing's coming to my mind.

Right, I got it. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Thanks. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Doc. I don't wanna see you in here again. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Marty, are you alright? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

The keys are in the trunk. Excuse me. Which one's your pop? I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Well, I guess that's everything. Yeah okay. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Why not?

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. No. Just finishing up the second coat now. Science Fiction Theater.

C'mon, c'mon. C'mon, c'mon. Yeah, he's right here. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Precisely. Bet your ass it works. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Damn. I'm late for school. Oh. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What did your mother ever see in that kid? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Excuse me. I haven't What a nightmare. About how far ahead are you going? Right.

Who is that guy. I will. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Without any sugar.

Marty, are you alright? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. He's a peeping tom. Dad. What about George? Oh, yeah, yeah.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I'll call you tonight. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Oh. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I have a feeling too. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Huh?

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Really. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Because, you might regret it later in life. Sit here, Marty.

What, what is it hot? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Uh, yeah. Really.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Precisely. George. Breakfast.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Who, who? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Ah. Whoa. Doc, you gotta help- It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Marty, are you alright?

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. this has gotta be a dream. Thanks, thanks a lot. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Huh? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Mom, is that you? Yeah.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Whoa, this is heavy. I'll call you tonight. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. What?

Flux capacitor. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Why not? You do? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

I'll call you tonight. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Alright, I'm ready. Hello. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Doc. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Jesus, you smoke too? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Ahh. What, well you mean like a date? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Yeah.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Hello. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Who do you think, the Libyans. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

He's an absolute dream. Marty you gotta come back with me. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? The hell you doing to my car? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Uh, yeah. Right. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Nothing.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

George. Whoa, this is heavy. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Why do you keep following me around? Will you take care of that?

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Uh, Doc. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

Why not? Well, this is a radiation suit. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. McFly.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. How about a ride, Mister? You're gonna be in the car with her. I hope so.

What, I don't get what happened. You'll find out in thirty years. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Leave me alone.

Marty. Marty. Marty. I hope so. Keys? Okay Doc, this is it. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Good morning, Mom. Right. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. God dammit, I'm late. Look, you gotta listen to me.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. You're gonna be in the car with her. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Excuse me.

Perfect, just perfect. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. That's him. this has gotta be a dream. Excuse me.

About how far ahead are you going? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Yoo. Oh. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. That's a big bruise you have there. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. I, I don't know.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Doc. Scram, McFly. What?

C'mon. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Let's put him in there. Precisely. Biff. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. You know what I do in those situations? Leave me alone. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Wrecked? Uh? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Oh. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? I guarantee it. Yeah.

Take care. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Marty, are you alright?

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Who are you? Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. He's alright. Well, I guess that's everything.

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Doc, you gotta help- Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Excuse me. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

The future, it's where you're going? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Whoa, this is heavy.

Excuse me. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Oh.

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Who? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. You don't understand. He's a very strange young man.

What Lorraine, what? No. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Doc. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Ahh. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

I have to tell you about the future. George. Oh. Because, you might regret it later in life. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Uh? Doc. Right, I got it.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. What, well you mean like a date? Never? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Well, I guess that's everything. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? He's alright. What? Where were we.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Yeah, I think maybe you do. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Jesus. You're George McFly. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. What, what, ma?

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. What, what, ma? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Huh? Ah.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. No. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Jesus, you smoke too? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Yoo. Uh, well, I gotta go. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Ahh. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Yet. This sounds pretty heavy. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. I haven't He's your brother, Mom.

I think we need a rematch. Ahh. Well gee, I don't know. George, help me, please. Oh yes sir.

I've gotta go. What, I don't get what happened. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Who's are these? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Jennifer. Precisely. What? What did you say? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Oh. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. What? Huh? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Where were we. Are you sure about this storm? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. I have to tell you about the future.

C'mon, c'mon. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Breakfast. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Doc. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. You do? Yeah, I think maybe you do. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Uh, look me up when you get there. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. What, I don't get what happened.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Marty, such a nice name. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Yeah, where does he live? C'mon, c'mon let's go.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. He's your brother, Mom.

How about a ride, Mister? Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Ah. Whoa. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. I will.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? About how far ahead are you going? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. What? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. What? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Who? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Excuse me. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. What did you say? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Crazy drunk drivers. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Right. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

It's a board with wheels. You got a permit for that? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, exactly. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Jesus, you smoke too?

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Which one's your pop? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Unroll their fire. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Unroll their fire.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. What? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Let's put him in there. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Right check, Doc. Hello. I'll get it back to you, alright?

Who? Don't say a word. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Perfect, just perfect. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Wait a minute. Huh? What did I just say?

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Precisely. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Yoo. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Keys?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. George, help me, please. Working. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Right. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Precisely.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Science Fiction Theater. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Yeah. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Stop it.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. He's a peeping tom. Dad. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. George. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? It's about the future, isn't it? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Bet your ass it works. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Will you take care of that?

Ah, where're my pants? That's good advice, Marty. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Who's are these? Hi. It's my dad. No, Doc. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Well, I guess that's everything. Don't say a word. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. How about a ride, Mister?

Shit. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

What's the meaning of this. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

We never would have fallen in love. Yeah, where does he live? No. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Your, your right.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Good morning, Mom.

Doc, is that a de- Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Now Biff, don't con me. The hell you doing to my car? Hi, Marty. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. What? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Go. Working. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Biff.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. What about George? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

I'll call you tonight. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Who do you think, the Libyans. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Are you sure about this storm? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

No. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Yeah. Right.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Bet your ass it works.

The hell you doing to my car? Hi. I'm gonna ram him. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Ah well, sort of. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Scram, McFly. What you got under here?

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. I followed you. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Yeah. Oh.

Doc, is that a de- I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Looks like a airplane, without wings. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. I have to tell you about the future. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

I've gotta go. Oh yes sir. She's just trying to keep you respectable. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Oh. What? You do? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Yeah, it's in the back. Jennifer. Leave her alone, you bastard. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Breakfast. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Just finishing up the second coat now.

Doc. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Listen, Doc. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Uh, well, I gotta go. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Marty. Marty. Marty.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? And he could sleep in my room. Marty, that was very interesting music.

Now Biff, don't con me. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. What, what is it hot?

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. You too.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. No, not yet. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Wait a minute. Biff.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. That ain't no airplane, look. Sit here, Marty.

No. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Erased from existence. Marty, such a nice name. Ahh.

Save the clock tower. Excuse me. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Ah. Whoa.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. That's for messing up my hair. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Stop it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. You got a permit for that? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Whoa, wait, Doc.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Well gee, I don't know. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Hello. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Huh? Huh? Will you take care of that? Marty, why are you so nervous? McFly.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Do you mind if we park for a while? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

Right about here. Lorraine. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Okay.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Science Fiction Theater. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? No, not yet. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Why not? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Okay.

Where? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Oh, yeah, yeah. Ah well, sort of. Why do you keep following me around?

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. George. George. Well, I guess that's everything. Doc, you gotta help- This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Right, and where am I gonna be? You'll find out in thirty years. Precisely. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Good morning, Mom. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Right about here.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. What? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Who's are these? Wow, you must be rich.

Back to the future. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. No.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. I will. C'mon.

Don't say a word. Let's go. It's about the future, isn't it? What you got under here? Never?

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Uh, I think so. The hell you doing to my car? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Right. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Crazy drunk drivers. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

I have a feeling too. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Who, who? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Oh, yeah, yeah.

Right, I got it. Doc, is that a de- You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Uncle Jailbird Joey? I have a feeling too.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. What about George? Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance?

Huh? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? What? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. I'm gonna ram him.

Are you okay? Right. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Yeah, sure, okay. You bet.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. I haven't George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. No.

Uh, I think so. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Huh?

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. That's George McFly?

Hello. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Yoo. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. I, I don't know. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. What, what is it hot? Why not? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Hello. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Hello.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. What?

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Don't say a word. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Excuse me.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? What, what is it hot? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

What the hell is a gigawatt? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Right, I got it. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. This sounds pretty heavy.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Oh. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Oh.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Uh, Doc. He's your brother, Mom. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Thank you. In about thirty years.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. It's about the future, isn't it? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? I have to tell you about the future. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? What, what is it hot? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

Yeah okay. Ahh. McFly. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Let's get him.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Oh. I followed you. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? How's your head?

You okay, is everything alright? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. What? Go. Go. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Huh?

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Ahh. What?

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Good morning. Who? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Well, they're bigger than me.

I can't play. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Lorenzo, where're you keys? About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Doc. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Why not? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

That ain't no airplane, look. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Ah well, sort of. Scram, McFly. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. What, what is it hot? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I just wanna use the phone.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Ah. Whoa. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Uh, well, I gotta go. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Marty you gotta come back with me. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Where?

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. C'mon. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Doc? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I don't wanna see you in here again. How about a ride, Mister?

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? You got a permit for that? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Ahh. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Well, this is a radiation suit. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Damn. I'm late for school. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Hello. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Are you gonna order something, kid? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Back to the future. Ahh. I, I don't know. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. George: you ever think of running for class president?

And where's my reports? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Yoo. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Right. Maybe you were adopted. I'm gonna be at the dance.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. C'mon. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Yeah, gimme a Tab. Jesus, you smoke too? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. I'm gonna be at the dance. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

I said the keys are in here. Who, who? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Hello, Jennifer. Jennifer.

What's a rerun? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Yeah. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

Uh, look me up when you get there. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Working.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Doc. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. No. Its good.

Marty, is that you? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. The storm.

Precisely. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. What? What's with the life preserver?

Right. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Yeah. That's George McFly? The future, it's where you're going?

Ah. Whoa. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Doc? Right. You okay, is everything alright?

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. God dammit, I'm late. Ah, honey, your first novel. I haven't I'm gonna ram him.

That's good advice, Marty. Jennifer. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Uh, well, I gotta go.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hello. He's your brother, Mom.

Bet your ass it works. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah, sure, okay. Jesus, you smoke too?

Oh, what I meant to day was- Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Yeah okay. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Lorraine, are you up there?

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Let's go. Take care. Right. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. And he could sleep in my room. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. C'mon. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. He's alright.

Jesus, you smoke too? No, Doc. Where the hell are they. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. He's your brother, Mom. That's right. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Ahh. Ahh. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Yeah, sure, okay. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Hi. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Right.

Next, please. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Uh? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Ahh. Ahh.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Mom, is that you? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Uh, I think so. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Uh, Doc. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Alright, we're the pinheads. I guarantee it.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. I haven't

McFly. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. It's my dad. That's a big bruise you have there. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Uh, Doc. Let's get him. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. You okay, is everything alright?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. He's a peeping tom. Dad. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? That's George McFly? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. What a nightmare. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Do you mind if we park for a while? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Good morning.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? It's my dad. What a nightmare.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Right about here. Oh. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Alright, I'm ready. Because, you might regret it later in life. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

That's a big bruise you have there. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Uh, look me up when you get there. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Let's get him. You got a permit for that? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Well, I figured, what the hell. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Get your meat hooks off of me. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Right.

Good morning, Mom. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Yeah, gimme a Tab. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? What, I don't get what happened. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. I'll get it back to you, alright?

Nothing. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Huh? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Uh, yeah.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Doc. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. I hope so. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

What the hell is a gigawatt? Yeah okay. Uh? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. The flux capacitor.

How's your head? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Yeah, it's in the back. What? Um, well it's a delorean, right? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Quiet. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

What? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? That's good advice, Marty. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Hey. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. I will. Ah. Whoa. Next, please. I will.

That's him. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

I have a feeling too. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? We all make mistakes in life, children Who do you think, the Libyans.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Precisely. Marty, will we ever see you again? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Yet.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Erased from existence. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Go. Go.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Yeah, it's in the back. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Really. McFly. What's the meaning of this. We do now. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Yeah. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Biff. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Children. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Where the hell are they. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. And he could sleep in my room. Ohh, no. Are you okay? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

You'll find out in thirty years. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? I think we need a rematch. Yeah, it's 8:00. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Excuse me. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? How's your head? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Do you mind if we park for a while? Hello. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Keys?

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. It's a board with wheels. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Huh? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Sit here, Marty. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

What? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. That's good advice, Marty. Marty, that was very interesting music. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. You bet. God dammit, I'm late. Calvin. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

Oh. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Marty, will we ever see you again? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. I'll get it back to you, alright?

Are you okay? Excuse me. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Weight has nothing to do with it. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Who's are these? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Breakfast.

No, bastards. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Oh yes sir. Right check, Doc. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Yeah, sure, okay.

Ah well, sort of. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Marty, why are you so nervous?

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Stop it. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Huh?

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Listen, Doc. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Hi. Ah. Whoa. Without any sugar. Why not?

Crazy drunk drivers. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hi. You'll find out in thirty years. Sit here, Marty.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. That's right. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Well, they're bigger than me. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Actually, people call me Marty. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Oh, yeah, yeah. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Damn. I'm late for school.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. George. Doc, you gotta help- No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? What was it, George, bird watching? Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Holy shit. Mom, Dad.

Yeah, it's 8:00. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Will you take care of that? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Nothing's coming to my mind. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Uh, Doc. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Thanks a lot, kid. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Biff. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. No, Doc. What, what? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Marty, are you alright? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Hi, Marty. Yeah. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Weight has nothing to do with it. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. I can't play. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Quiet. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. You do? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Yeah, who are you? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

I will. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I will.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? That's him.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Holy shit. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Weight has nothing to do with it. I guarantee it. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Yeah, he's right here.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Next, please. Hey boy, are you alright? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Right. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Ronald Reagon. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

I don't wanna see you in here again. It's my dad. Doc, is that a de- David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. What's that thing he's on?

Whoa, this is heavy. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. That's George McFly?

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Thanks a lot, kid. How about a ride, Mister? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Right.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. No, Doc. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Yeah. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. This is for all you lovers out there. Whoa, wait, Doc. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Doc, you gotta help- Oh. Ah. Whoa. Wow, you must be rich.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. McFly. Are you okay? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Wait a minute. Lorraine, are you up there? Flux capacitor. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. What, I don't get what happened. Uh, yeah. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Its good. Yeah. You'll find out.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Uh, look me up when you get there. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. this has gotta be a dream. Yeah.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Aw yeah, everything is great. I have a feeling too. What? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Scram, McFly. What, what is it hot?

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Uh, coast guard. Really.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Who? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Flux capacitor.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. That's a big bruise you have there. Yeah, who are you? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Okay. Yeah. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Uh, look me up when you get there. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Uh?

What, what? Whoa, whoa, okay. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. I think we need a rematch. Oh.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Its good. Perfect, just perfect. Thanks.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Lorraine. Excuse me.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. I can't play. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. George. George. What was it, George, bird watching?

Which one's your pop? Uh, Doc. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Lorraine, are you up there? Which one's your pop?

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. How about a ride, Mister? Well gee, I don't know. Watch it, Goldie. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Next, please. Thanks a lot, kid. Oh.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Leave me alone. It's about the future, isn't it? Wait a minute. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. I have to tell you about the future. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Unroll their fire. Get your meat hooks off of me. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Back to the future. He's a very strange young man. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Will you take care of that? C'mon, c'mon let's go.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Yeah. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? What you got under here? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Thanks, thanks a lot.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Who are you? Biff. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Back to the future.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Marty, you made it. Calvin. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. He's your brother, Mom. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Oh.

Who? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Hi, Marty.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I don't wanna see you in here again. Shit. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Thanks.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. The flux capacitor. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Breakfast. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. C'mon. Marty you gotta come back with me. And he could sleep in my room.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Looks like a airplane, without wings. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Oh. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

You're gonna be in the car with her. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. How about a ride, Mister?

What's with the life preserver? Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Thanks a lot, kid. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. I'll call you tonight. What you got under here? Marty, such a nice name.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. What Lorraine, what? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? I'll call you tonight. Precisely. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Nothing. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Listen, Doc. Stop it. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? What did I just say? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Doc, you gotta help- Ahh. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

What? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. I'll call you tonight. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Thanks a lot, kid. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Why not? George.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I guarantee it. Right, I got it.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Uh, coast guard. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Mom, Dad. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Marty you gotta come back with me. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? No.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. We do now. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. What, what, ma? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Ah. Whoa. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. The flux capacitor. Um, well it's a delorean, right? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Ah well, sort of.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Oh. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. McFly. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Hello. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? What's going on? Where have you been all week? Yeah. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Yeah. Oh. Just finishing up the second coat now. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. You bet. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? I followed you. About how far ahead are you going? Hi, Marty. Precisely.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Right about here. Take care. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. What's with the life preserver? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I'll call you tonight.

You don't understand. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. And he could sleep in my room. We do now. Let's put him in there.

What Lorraine, what? No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Because, you might regret it later in life. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Right. Is she pretty? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

How about a ride, Mister? Erased from existence. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Go. Go.

Are you okay? Ahh. What was it, George, bird watching? Alright, I'm ready. Doc, you gotta help-

He's a very strange young man. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? George. George.

I don't wanna see you in here again. You'll find out in thirty years. Hey boy, are you alright? Never? Yeah, who are you?

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Listen, Doc. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Hi, Marty. Marty, you made it.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Marty, will we ever see you again? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Right. Right, and where am I gonna be? I can't play. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. You do? What the hell is a gigawatt?

Damn. I'm late for school. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Okay, but I don't know what to say. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Lorenzo, where're you keys?

George. George. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Sit here, Marty. Yeah, he's right here. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. What, I don't get what happened. What's that thing he's on? Never?

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Precisely. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Just finishing up the second coat now. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. this has gotta be a dream. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Are those my clocks I hear? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Thanks, thanks a lot. I'm gonna ram him. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Because, you might regret it later in life. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Who do you think, the Libyans. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Right. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Actually, people call me Marty.

Without any sugar. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. That's him. We never would have fallen in love. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Go. Go. You'll find out in thirty years.

I think I know exactly what you mean. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. How about a ride, Mister? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Yeah.

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Huh? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Yeah. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. The hell you doing to my car? Back to the future. Hello.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. C'mon. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Damn. I'm late for school. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. God dammit, I'm late. Watch it, Goldie. What, what? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Now Biff, don't con me. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Yeah okay. Which one's your pop? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

Yeah, he's right here. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. I haven't Oh.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Jennifer. About how far ahead are you going? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Who? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Holy shit. Oh, just a little weather experiment. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. It's my dad.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. I just wanna use the phone. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Yoo. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Bet your ass it works. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Precisely.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Yeah, exactly. I can't play. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Go.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? The flux capacitor. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Ahh. No, bastards. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. I'll call you tonight.

Hello, Jennifer. Ahh. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Whoa, whoa, okay.

What, what, ma? I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Mom, Dad. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. You're gonna be in the car with her. Jesus, you smoke too?

Oh yes sir. Wrecked? Ohh, no. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. That's for messing up my hair.

Alright, punk, now- Shit. Jesus, you smoke too? Which one's your pop? Bet your ass it works.

Yeah. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. I said the keys are in here.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? You don't understand. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Ronald Reagon.

Right. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Yeah. Well, this is a radiation suit. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Because, you might regret it later in life. What?

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. You'll find out in thirty years. I guarantee it. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. I hope so. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

What? What, what? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Oh.

Yeah, it's in the back. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Thanks.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Well gee, I don't know. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Ahh.

It's about the future, isn't it? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Stop it. This is for all you lovers out there. No.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Marty, will we ever see you again? Ah, honey, your first novel. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Doc.

George. We do now. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Uh, look me up when you get there. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Precisely. What? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. I'll get it back to you, alright? I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? We do now. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Look, you gotta listen to me. Quiet. Huh? Don't tell me anything.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? The hell you doing to my car? Hey boy, are you alright?

Hello. Well, they're bigger than me. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Marty, that was very interesting music. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

The flux capacitor. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. The storm.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Alright, punk, now- Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. What? Marty, is that you? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

I guarantee it. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Breakfast. And he could sleep in my room.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Breakfast. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Are you sure about this storm? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. I will.

Uh, I think so. Right. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Actually, people call me Marty. Wrecked?

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Marty you gotta come back with me. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. C'mon. Mom, Dad.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Why not? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. What's with the life preserver? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. McFly. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Okay. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Lorraine.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Uh, I think so. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. You bet. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Weight has nothing to do with it. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. I have to tell you about the future. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. It's about the future, isn't it? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Who are you?

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Marty, such a nice name. Okay. Alright, I'm ready. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Who's are these? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Thanks.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Oh, what I meant to day was- That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Uh, coast guard. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? C'mon. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I'm gonna ram him.

Right, I got it. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Let's put him in there. Alright, I'm ready.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Why do you keep following me around? Let's get him. Yeah. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

You do? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. That's him. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

What? Well uh, good, fine. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Right check, Doc. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Thanks a lot, kid.

Thanks a lot, kid. Shit. Oh, just a little weather experiment. I haven't Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Shit. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Oh. How about a ride, Mister?

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. He's a very strange young man. You'll find out. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Precisely. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Next, please. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

You're George McFly. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Whoa, this is heavy. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Doc. What you got under here? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Uh, Doc. I think we need a rematch. Hello. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Ah, honey, your first novel.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I think we need a rematch. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Now Biff, don't con me. What, well you mean like a date?

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Right. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Breakfast. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Yeah, where does he live? What? Right. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

And where's my reports? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. That's good advice, Marty. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Look, you gotta listen to me. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Uh, coast guard. About how far ahead are you going? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? I can't play.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. What, what? Who, who? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. How about a ride, Mister?

Marty, will we ever see you again? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

The future, it's where you're going? You're gonna be in the car with her. Huh? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Get your meat hooks off of me.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? You bet. Oh, just a little weather experiment. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Stop it. Doc. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Next, please. Thanks, thanks a lot. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? He's a peeping tom. Dad. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Lorraine. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Ohh, no. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

How's your head? George: you ever think of running for class president? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. What, what, ma? Scram, McFly. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Hello. Marty, you made it. C'mon. Good morning, Mom.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Where were we. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

It's a board with wheels. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Excuse me. Uh, yeah. Who?

Is she pretty? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Are those my clocks I hear? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Why not? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? What's with the life preserver? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Excuse me. I said the keys are in here. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. No, bastards. Mom, is that you? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. I haven't What did your mother ever see in that kid? Are you okay?

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Right. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Doc.

Stop it. I just wanna use the phone. Yeah. Go. Go. No, bastards.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. I will. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Okay. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? He's a very strange young man. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

That's George McFly? Crazy drunk drivers. Hello. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

And where's my reports? Ohh, no. Um, well it's a delorean, right? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Right check, Doc. I haven't Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Where? Jesus, you smoke too?

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Yeah. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Uh, Doc. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. He's alright. We never would have fallen in love. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Marty, are you alright? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

He's your brother, Mom. What? Doc. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Why do you keep following me around? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Well, I guess that's everything. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Right, and where am I gonna be? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. He's a very strange young man. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. He's alright. Its good.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? What's the meaning of this. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. He's an absolute dream. C'mon. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. I, I don't know. Uh, well, I gotta go.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Okay. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Well, Biff. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? I don't wanna see you in here again. Science Fiction Theater. Hey. We all make mistakes in life, children

Children. Yeah, gimme a Tab. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Good morning, Mom. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Well gee, I don't know. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Children. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Well, Biff.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. George, help me, please. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- That ain't no airplane, look.

Marty, such a nice name. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Well, Biff.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Well, I guess that's everything. Uh, look me up when you get there. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Marty, such a nice name. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. No.

Ah. What's with the life preserver? You'll find out in thirty years. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? McFly. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Alright, I'm ready. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Leave me alone.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Why not? Is she pretty?

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. What's with the life preserver? That's right. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. That's George McFly?

Are those my clocks I hear? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Wait a minute. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. this has gotta be a dream. Children. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Oh. What? What Lorraine, what? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? I'm gonna ram him.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Wrecked? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Uh, Doc.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. She's just trying to keep you respectable. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Doc, is that a de- Marty, will we ever see you again?

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? He's alright. Ahh. What's that thing he's on? Aw yeah, everything is great.

Where does he come from? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Yeah. Ah, where're my pants?

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Yeah, who are you? Alright, I'm ready. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Calvin. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Uh, Doc. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. What about George? Yeah okay. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Working. No. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Science Fiction Theater. Who, who? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Okay. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Oh, yeah, yeah.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Oh. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Actually, people call me Marty. Stop it.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. What? Thank you. In about thirty years. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Where were we. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Yeah. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. The future, it's where you're going? I hope so.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Ah. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? What's the meaning of this.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Huh? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Oh.

Thanks a lot, kid. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Yeah. Well, this is a radiation suit. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Hello, Jennifer. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. The keys are in the trunk. Quiet.

He's a very strange young man. You'll find out in thirty years. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Take care. Okay. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Yoo. Who do you think, the Libyans.

George. Lorraine. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Who is that guy.

No. Doc. Crazy drunk drivers. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Whoa, whoa, okay.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Take care.

No. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

What, I don't get what happened. Oh. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Wrecked? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Say that again. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Biff. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Yeah.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. No, bastards. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Mom, Dad. Marty, such a nice name.

Flux capacitor. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Who, who? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Right. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Marty, is that you? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? That's George McFly.

Doc? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Mom, is that you?

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. What, well you mean like a date? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Right, I got it.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Who is that guy. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Science Fiction Theater. Yeah. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Ah well, sort of.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. No. No, why, what's a matter? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Actually, people call me Marty. C'mon. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. How's your head? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. What did you say?

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. No, bastards. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Yeah. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Actually, people call me Marty. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Right. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Good morning. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. The keys are in the trunk.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Well, they're bigger than me. Okay. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Scram, McFly. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Okay. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Breakfast.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Its good. No. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Mom, is that you? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Marty, you made it. Never? What?

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. It's a board with wheels. Excuse me. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. What the hell is a gigawatt?

What? Hello, Jennifer. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Mom, is that you? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Its good. Excuse me. Yeah, he's right here.

Next, please. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. George. George. Well uh, good, fine.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. What the hell is this? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

This sounds pretty heavy. Yeah, where does he live? Science Fiction Theater. Marty, are you alright? It's a board with wheels.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. The keys are in the trunk. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Well uh, good, fine.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. I can't play. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Science Fiction Theater.

Quiet. I said the keys are in here. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. George, help me, please. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Perfect, just perfect.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? No. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Yeah.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Get your meat hooks off of me. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Yeah, who are you? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Oh. Hey boy, are you alright? That's George McFly. How about a ride, Mister?

Wow, you must be rich. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Keys?

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? George. George. Huh?

Breakfast. That's him. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. You bet.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. I have to tell you about the future.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? He's your brother, Mom.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Right.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. I'm gonna be at the dance.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. The future, it's where you're going? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Science Fiction Theater. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Who, who? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Did you hurt your head? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Ahh. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? He's an absolute dream. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? This is for all you lovers out there.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- McFly. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Don't tell me anything. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Stop it. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Where?

Unroll their fire. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Erased from existence. Oh. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Okay Doc, this is it. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Well, Biff. What, what, ma?

Bet your ass it works. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Marty, that was very interesting music. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Right. Huh?

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? What?

C'mon. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. It's a board with wheels. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Yeah. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Mom, Dad. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Who is that guy.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. The hell you doing to my car? Unroll their fire. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- That's him. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Alright, I'm ready.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. I've gotta go. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Its good.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. What? Yeah, he's right here. Is she pretty? Right.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Are you okay? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

Marty, you made it. Excuse me. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Right, I got it. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Uh, I think so. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Do you mind if we park for a while? You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Who do you think, the Libyans. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. What you got under here? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Ah, honey, your first novel.

Yeah, it's in the back. Excuse me. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Don't say a word. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Calvin. Well, Biff.

Alright, I'm ready. That's for messing up my hair. George. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. You don't understand.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. C'mon. Holy shit. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Without any sugar. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Excuse me.

George, help me, please. Doc? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Okay.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Marty, you made it. Hey boy, are you alright? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Yeah.

Ahh. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. The hell you doing to my car? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Back to the future. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Lorraine, are you up there?

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Who's are these? Ah. Yeah, it's 8:00. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Biff. Do you mind if we park for a while? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Well, they're bigger than me.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Thanks. You're gonna be in the car with her. Excuse me. What?

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Which one's your pop? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Ahh. Ahh. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. You okay, is everything alright? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

What about George? No. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Doc.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Flux capacitor. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. No, why, what's a matter?

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. It's about the future, isn't it? C'mon. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Good morning, Mom. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Well, this is a radiation suit. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. You bet. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Let's put him in there.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Are you sure about this storm? Marty, that was very interesting music. Let's put him in there.

Which one's your pop? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. What? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. I'm gonna ram him. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Right. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Yeah, it's in the back. Sit here, Marty. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Did you hurt your head? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

Wait a minute. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Oh. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Next, please.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Do you mind if we park for a while?

What about George? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Ah, where're my pants? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Marty, are you alright? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. What? You know what I do in those situations?

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. This is for all you lovers out there. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Ronald Reagon.

Is she pretty? Really. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? We never would have fallen in love.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Right. I've gotta go.

I guarantee it. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? You're George McFly. Next, please. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

We do now. Yeah. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Precisely. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. You okay, is everything alright? Excuse me. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Stop it. Listen, Doc. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Uh? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda What's the meaning of this. this has gotta be a dream.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? That's for messing up my hair. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Don't tell me anything. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Where's Einstein, is he with you? You know what I do in those situations? Yeah okay.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Right about here. C'mon, c'mon. I hope so. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. C'mon.

Who are you? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Doc. Right, I got it. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Ah. I hope so. Leave me alone. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. That ain't no airplane, look.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Perfect, just perfect. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Erased from existence.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? What Lorraine, what? Oh, just a little weather experiment. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Right.

That's him. Well, they're bigger than me. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Uh, look me up when you get there. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? What? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

And where's my reports? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Yeah, where does he live? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Mom, Dad. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. What Lorraine, what? I think we need a rematch. Who, who? Well, I guess that's everything.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Doc. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Is she pretty? And where's my reports? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

Precisely. You do? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Uh, yeah. That's right.

I have to tell you about the future. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- What, what is it hot? I, I don't know.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Uh, yeah. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Bet your ass it works. Breakfast. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Keys? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Precisely. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Oh. Without any sugar. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. McFly. Right. Alright, punk, now- Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Marty you gotta come back with me. Jesus, you smoke too?

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Marty, that was very interesting music. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? You too. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. What you got under here? Marty, are you alright?

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Okay, but I don't know what to say. That ain't no airplane, look. What you got under here? Hi.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Yeah, exactly. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. He's an absolute dream.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Why not? God dammit, I'm late. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. What?

Hey boy, are you alright? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Why do you keep following me around? Science Fiction Theater. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Nothing's coming to my mind. Excuse me.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Well, I figured, what the hell. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

Are you okay? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Yeah. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Thanks, thanks a lot. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Doc. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

You don't understand. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yoo. What's that thing he's on?

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Thanks, thanks a lot. It's my dad. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. We all make mistakes in life, children Um, yeah, I'm on my way. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Uh? Mom, Dad. Well uh, good, fine. Mom, Dad. Aw yeah, everything is great.

I have a feeling too. Yeah. Well, I figured, what the hell. Ahh. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Marty, is that you? What, well you mean like a date? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Yeah, sure, okay.

I don't wanna see you in here again. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Oh. No, Doc. Breakfast. Right. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Alright, we're the pinheads. This sounds pretty heavy. Without any sugar. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Doc, you gotta help- What? Hey boy, are you alright? Thank you. In about thirty years. Never?

Hello. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Uh, I think so. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. I'm gonna be at the dance. Yeah. Oh.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Damn. I'm late for school. No, Doc. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. What, what?

You bet. Ronald Reagon. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? What did I just say? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Go.

I can't play. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Wow, you must be rich. Why do you keep following me around?

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. I, I don't know. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Hi.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Marty, such a nice name. You're gonna be in the car with her. Thanks.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Right, and where am I gonna be? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. George: you ever think of running for class president? Erased from existence.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. I will. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Do you mind if we park for a while? Uh, yeah. Wrecked?

Where were we. Precisely. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. You got a permit for that? Yeah, it's 8:00.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. I will. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Yeah, where does he live? Nothing's coming to my mind.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Who's are these? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Just finishing up the second coat now. Well, they're bigger than me.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? You don't understand. Holy shit. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Doc, is that a de- McFly. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Yeah.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Thanks, thanks a lot.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Thanks, thanks a lot.

That's good advice, Marty. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Leave me alone. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. About how far ahead are you going?

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. You're gonna be in the car with her. Yeah, where does he live?

Right, I got it. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Right check, Doc. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

Well uh, good, fine. Are those my clocks I hear? Lorenzo, where're you keys? Ah, where're my pants? Excuse me.

George, help me, please. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Leave me alone. What? Right.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Excuse me. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Well, she's not doing a very good job. What's the meaning of this.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Ohh, no. Nothing. Without any sugar. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Ah, honey, your first novel. Hello, Jennifer. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Where's Einstein, is he with you? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. What the hell is this? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Let's get him.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. I haven't Are you okay? Next, please. How's your head?

Hey. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Aw yeah, everything is great. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

God dammit, I'm late. We never would have fallen in love. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Lorenzo, where're you keys? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Good morning. What?

You have this thing hooked up to the car? What? Oh, yeah, yeah. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Excuse me.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Right. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Yoo. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Did you hurt your head? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

What about George? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Really. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. We all make mistakes in life, children I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Working. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. He's an absolute dream. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? No, Doc. Sit here, Marty.

Hello. What? Really. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. That's George McFly. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Right.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Alright, punk, now-

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Keys? Oh. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Let's put him in there. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

Let's get him. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Biff. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. The hell you doing to my car? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Where the hell are they.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

this has gotta be a dream. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. What a nightmare. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Don't say a word. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Huh? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Uh? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Jesus, you smoke too? Wrecked? Huh?

I followed you. We do now. What? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? What? Oh, what I meant to day was- Back to the future. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

I have to tell you about the future. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. It's about the future, isn't it? Keys? Is she pretty?

Aw yeah, everything is great. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? What, what? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

What? That's a big bruise you have there. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- What the hell is this? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? George.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. He's alright. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Thank you. In about thirty years. Will you take care of that?

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Why not? Your, your right. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Uh, coast guard. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Ronald Reagon. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Hello, Jennifer. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

It's a board with wheels. Hello. What, what? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Yeah, it's 8:00. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Thanks a lot, kid. What? Doc, you gotta help- Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. We all make mistakes in life, children Is she pretty? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Right. Yeah. Wow, you must be rich. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Uh, well, I gotta go.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Oh. I'll get it back to you, alright? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Where the hell are they. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Yeah, who are you?

Scram, McFly. Why do you keep following me around? Yeah. Whoa, this is heavy. Listen, Doc.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Yeah. I have to tell you about the future. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. And where's my reports?

Marty, you made it. It's a board with wheels. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Yeah. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

Yeah. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. No, not yet. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

George. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? What's with the life preserver? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Yeah, it's 8:00.

What's with the life preserver? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Where?

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. That's George McFly? Nothing. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. The hell you doing to my car? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Unroll their fire.

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Biff. You're gonna be in the car with her. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Uh, Doc. What? I'm gonna be at the dance. No.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Yeah, I think maybe you do. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Science Fiction Theater. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Without any sugar.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. No. We never would have fallen in love. Wrecked? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

C'mon. Yeah, who are you? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Huh?

Right. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Right. Uh, yeah. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. What? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. C'mon, c'mon.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? What the hell is a gigawatt? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? What, what is it hot?

What, I don't get what happened. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Will you take care of that? What, what is it hot? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Ahh. Ahh. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Perfect, just perfect. Yeah, who are you? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. You don't understand.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. You're gonna be in the car with her. Unroll their fire. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. We never would have fallen in love. Keys? Who's are these? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Doc, is that a de- Hello. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Doc. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Don't tell me anything. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

Oh. This sounds pretty heavy. Jennifer. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Well, I figured, what the hell. What the hell is this? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Uh, coast guard. That's for messing up my hair. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. George. George.

Ronald Reagon. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Oh.

Why not? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Ah well, sort of. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Oh. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Right check, Doc. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Ah. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance?

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Yeah. I said the keys are in here. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Oh yes sir. Let's put him in there. Sit here, Marty. Uh, yeah. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Right check, Doc. Alright, we're the pinheads. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Aw yeah, everything is great. Yeah. Wrecked? When did this happen and- I'll get it back to you, alright? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I've gotta go. Hey boy, are you alright? Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hey.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Wait a minute. Yeah, it's 8:00.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. It's about the future, isn't it? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Uh, coast guard. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Don't tell me anything.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. You're George McFly. The keys are in the trunk. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Yeah okay. Scram, McFly. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Who is that guy.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. No, bastards. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

Good morning. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? That's for messing up my hair. George. Uh, coast guard.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Leave her alone, you bastard. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Well, I figured, what the hell. Excuse me.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Thanks a lot, kid. About how far ahead are you going? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

Yeah okay. Are you okay? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? I'm gonna be at the dance. McFly.

You don't understand. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. He's a very strange young man. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Marty, is that you?

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Marty, will we ever see you again? Children. That ain't no airplane, look. And he could sleep in my room.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? He's a very strange young man. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Well uh, good, fine. Where the hell are they.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. You'll find out in thirty years. That's for messing up my hair. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Good morning. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. About how far ahead are you going?

Stop it. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Hello, Jennifer. You don't understand. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Excuse me. Doc. Uh, look me up when you get there. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Oh.

It's a board with wheels. Wrecked? When did this happen and- No. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Doc, you gotta help- Well gee, I don't know. Where were we. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Excuse me. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Doc, is that a de- That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

I'll call you tonight. George: you ever think of running for class president? Now Biff, don't con me. What's the meaning of this. Who, who?

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Whoa, whoa, okay. That's George McFly? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I'm gonna be at the dance.

Stop it. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Uh, coast guard. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Doc.

Calvin. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Ahh. Oh. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

And he could sleep in my room. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Will you take care of that? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Biff. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Back to the future. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Right, and where am I gonna be? We do now. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Looks like a airplane, without wings. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? I'm gonna ram him. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Right. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Yeah, it's 8:00.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. What Lorraine, what? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Doc?

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Doc, is that a de- I've gotta go.

What Lorraine, what? Yeah. Right. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Okay.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. George, help me, please. Why is she gonna get angry with you? C'mon. Oh.

Uh, Doc. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. No, bastards. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. God dammit, I'm late. Uncle Jailbird Joey? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Nothing's coming to my mind.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. We all make mistakes in life, children

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Good morning, Mom. What you got under here? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. He's a peeping tom. Dad. That's George McFly. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Because, you might regret it later in life. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. How's your head? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Unroll their fire. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Where were we. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Is she pretty? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Why not? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. That's him. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Marty. Marty. Marty. What? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. What? Well, this is a radiation suit. Uh, Doc.

You're George McFly. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Excuse me. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. What's with the life preserver? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Don't tell me anything.

Hello. Erased from existence. Get your meat hooks off of me. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Children.

Hello. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Oh. Right. Marty. Marty. Marty.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

I said the keys are in here. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Who's are these? Right. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I just wanna use the phone. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Where the hell are they. Lorraine. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Lorenzo, where're you keys?

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Looks like a airplane, without wings. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Never? Yeah, he's right here. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Crazy drunk drivers. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Holy shit.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Whoa, whoa, okay. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Save the clock tower. Marty, are you alright? Did you hurt your head? Erased from existence. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

What did I just say? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Next, please. Keys? No.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Right check, Doc. Biff. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Are you gonna order something, kid?

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Your, your right. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. I'll call you tonight.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Are those my clocks I hear? Doc? Yeah.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. He's a very strange young man. George. George. McFly. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Doc? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. The storm. Watch it, Goldie. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. No.

Do you mind if we park for a while? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Quiet. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- What? Marty, will we ever see you again?

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Calvin. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. I think I know exactly what you mean. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Huh? What the hell is this? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. I haven't

Excuse me. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Ah, where're my pants?

Its good. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. No. He's alright.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Ah, honey, your first novel.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Alright, I'm ready. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Huh? I don't wanna see you in here again.

You bet. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Wow, you must be rich. I'm gonna be at the dance.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. I said the keys are in here. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I've gotta go.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Thanks.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. What, what, ma?

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Oh yes sir. No, bastards. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

That's George McFly? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. You know what I do in those situations? Wrecked?

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Okay Doc, this is it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Thanks.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Mom, Dad. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Children. George. George.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Are you okay? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. He's a very strange young man. Ahh. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Well, this is a radiation suit.

What was it, George, bird watching? Doc. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Hello. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Wait a minute. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. The flux capacitor. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Sit here, Marty.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. No, why, what's a matter? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Look, you gotta listen to me. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. George.

Is she pretty? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Right. That's good advice, Marty.

Well, they're bigger than me. Marty, that was very interesting music. Thank you. In about thirty years. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. What? I followed you. Now Biff, don't con me. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Doc. Marty you gotta come back with me. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Whoa, wait, Doc. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Crazy drunk drivers. Aw yeah, everything is great. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Right, and where am I gonna be? Where the hell are they. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Ah, where're my pants? Right, I got it. You're George McFly.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Back to the future.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. You don't understand. Who do you think, the Libyans. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Yeah, it's in the back. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Who? Flux capacitor. Well, Biff. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

I can't play. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. We do now. Marty, such a nice name. Huh?

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Yeah. Hi, Marty. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Marty, you made it. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Actually, people call me Marty. Right. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Are those my clocks I hear? Are you sure about this storm? Are you okay? Take care. The hell you doing to my car?

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Biff. Uh, well, I gotta go. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

Marty, is that you? That's George McFly. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Ohh, no. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Why not? Save the clock tower. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

Marty, you made it. Hi, Marty. Shit. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Stop it.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Lorraine, are you up there? Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

No, Biff, you leave her alone. I hope so. Never? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

George. Good morning. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. What?

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Listen, Doc. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Because, you might regret it later in life. He's an absolute dream.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? I will. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. You got a permit for that? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

Flux capacitor. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. How's your head? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Oh. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

C'mon. Don't say a word. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Why not? Stop it.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Yeah, who are you? Uh? And he could sleep in my room. Marty, will we ever see you again?

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Thanks, thanks a lot. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Well uh, good, fine. What?

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Oh. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

You don't understand. Leave me alone. He's an absolute dream. Stop it. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. What? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. George.

Sit here, Marty. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Ahh. Ahh.

You're George McFly. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

George. Ohh, no. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. What did you say? Get your meat hooks off of me.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Oh. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. I guarantee it. Really.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Marty you gotta come back with me. Nothing. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Who? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I haven't

Right about here. Doc, is that a de- It's my dad. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Who's are these? Yeah. Thanks.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Unroll their fire. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

Yeah. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

What? Now Biff, don't con me. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Yeah, it's in the back. Stop it. This is for all you lovers out there. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. How's your head? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. How's your head?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. You have this thing hooked up to the car? No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Why do you keep following me around?

Marty, why are you so nervous? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. I followed you. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Did you hurt your head? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Lorraine. Perfect, just perfect. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Alright, I'm ready. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Children. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Hey. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Yeah. Stop it.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Right. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Don't tell me anything.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Hi, Marty. God dammit, I'm late. Uh, coast guard. Yeah.

Marty, will we ever see you again? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. What a nightmare. Ahh. Ahh. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Don't say a word. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. George. George. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Let's get him. The flux capacitor. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Where the hell are they. Damn. I'm late for school. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. What you got under here? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Mom, Dad. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. He's a peeping tom. Dad. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. You'll find out in thirty years. What's the meaning of this. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? He's alright.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Shit. Uh, well, I gotta go. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Nothing. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Yeah. Where's Einstein, is he with you? You're George McFly.

Are you sure about this storm? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

He's a very strange young man. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Breakfast.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Working. Uh, Doc.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Jesus, you smoke too? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

Uh? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Why not? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Doc.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Uh, coast guard. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Oh.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I've gotta go. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. That's right.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. The storm. Biff. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Right. This sounds pretty heavy. Biff.

It's about the future, isn't it? Uh? He's an absolute dream. Just finishing up the second coat now. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

George. George. Well uh, good, fine. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Yeah, I think maybe you do.

Good morning. Sit here, Marty. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. I have a feeling too. Crazy drunk drivers.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Bet your ass it works. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Alright, we're the pinheads. You have this thing hooked up to the car? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Next, please. Huh?

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Where? You okay, is everything alright? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. The hell you doing to my car?

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? this has gotta be a dream. What? Right.

Hello. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Hello, Jennifer. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. And he could sleep in my room. Doc? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Oh, what I meant to day was- What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. I have to tell you about the future. Say that again. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Well, they're bigger than me. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

What, what is it hot? Where were we. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. I think we need a rematch. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. I have to tell you about the future. Yeah. Why not? I've gotta go.

Which one's your pop? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Wow, you must be rich. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Marty, why are you so nervous? Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Marty you gotta come back with me. Excuse me. I, I don't know. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

You do? That's good advice, Marty. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. The future, it's where you're going?

I haven't I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? And where's my reports? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. That's George McFly? Who are you? Oh. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Marty. Marty. Marty. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. You'll find out in thirty years. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Uh, Doc. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hi, Marty.

You don't understand. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. The keys are in the trunk. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Don't say a word.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Scram, McFly. Are those my clocks I hear? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

No, not yet. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Excuse me. Doc?

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Why do you keep following me around? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

You got a permit for that? Well, Biff. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Okay.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. The future, it's where you're going? Who are you? Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Marty. Marty. Marty. What was it, George, bird watching? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Because, you might regret it later in life. Uh? Right. Because, you might regret it later in life.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. How's your head?

I hope so. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. You got a permit for that? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. That's George McFly?

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Science Fiction Theater. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Yoo. It's my dad. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

You bet. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Stop it. Stop it. Who are you?

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Okay. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. C'mon, c'mon.

Marty, is that you? I have to tell you about the future. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Calvin. Bet your ass it works. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Thank you. In about thirty years. Where were we.

No. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Alright, we're the pinheads. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. What? That's good advice, Marty. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Go. Go. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Precisely. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Are you okay?

Maybe you were adopted. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. What's the meaning of this. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? C'mon, c'mon.

Ahh. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Uh, well, I gotta go.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Let's put him in there. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Damn. I'm late for school. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Weight has nothing to do with it.

George. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Marty, are you alright? Hello, Jennifer. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Take care. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. This sounds pretty heavy. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Right. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. And where's my reports?

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Uh, Doc. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? You're gonna be in the car with her.

Oh. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

Your, your right. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Ahh. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Huh? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Right.

Is she pretty? That ain't no airplane, look. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Ronald Reagon. Oh.

Which one's your pop? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I hope so. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Doc.

Never? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

I have a feeling too. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Jennifer. No, why, what's a matter? He's an absolute dream.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Well, I guess that's everything. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Ah. Right, I got it.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Alright, I'm ready. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Ahh. Is she pretty?

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Doc. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. George. Yeah.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. No, bastards. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? The hell you doing to my car? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Marty, will we ever see you again? I haven't Who?

You bet. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Yeah, it's 8:00.

Because, you might regret it later in life. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- What did I just say? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Ronald Reagon. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

About how far ahead are you going? That's George McFly. What? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Thanks.

Yeah. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Ahh. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

No, Biff, you leave her alone. No, not yet. What's the meaning of this. Let's put him in there. It's about the future, isn't it?

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. You know what I do in those situations? Back to the future. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Are you okay? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Well gee, I don't know.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Precisely. Quiet. Huh? I have a feeling too.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Ah. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

What? It's a board with wheels. Lorraine. What's that thing he's on? That's good advice, Marty.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Mom, Dad. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- How's your head? We do now. This sounds pretty heavy.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Ah. Whoa. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Quiet. Whoa, whoa, okay. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Are you okay?

Yeah, I think maybe you do. What? That's a big bruise you have there. Oh. George.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Okay Doc, this is it. No, not yet.

No. Ahh. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. What's a rerun? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Thanks a lot, kid. Oh, yeah, yeah. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Quiet. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I think I know exactly what you mean. God dammit, I'm late. Hello, Jennifer. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

Whoa, this is heavy. Marty you gotta come back with me. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Lorenzo, where're you keys?

Perfect, just perfect. George, help me, please. Well uh, good, fine. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Thank you. In about thirty years. Thanks a lot, kid. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

No, bastards. Marty, that was very interesting music. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Now Biff, don't con me.

Good morning, Mom. Okay. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? He's your brother, Mom. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Save the clock tower. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Jennifer. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Stop it.

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Wow, you must be rich. Get your meat hooks off of me. The keys are in the trunk. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

What the hell is this? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Marty, are you alright? Yeah, exactly.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Calvin. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. What's a rerun? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Yeah, where does he live?

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Hey. Aw yeah, everything is great. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Why not? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Where?

What's a rerun? What? How about a ride, Mister? What? Uncle Jailbird Joey?

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Why do you keep following me around? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. No. What was it, George, bird watching?

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Right. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? We do now. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Yeah.

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? What the hell is this? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. What did you say?

The flux capacitor. That's good advice, Marty. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Doc.

Unroll their fire. This sounds pretty heavy. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. What?

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Wow, you must be rich. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Scram, McFly. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. What the hell is this? Why not? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Marty, will we ever see you again? Well, she's not doing a very good job. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Crazy drunk drivers.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Bet your ass it works. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Weight has nothing to do with it. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. No, not yet. Yeah, exactly.

Really. That ain't no airplane, look. Because, you might regret it later in life. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

Huh? What, well you mean like a date? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Huh? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Because, you might regret it later in life. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Working. Ahh.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Hello. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Nothing. He's your brother, Mom. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Who is that guy. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Don't say a word. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? I'm gonna ram him. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No. You got a permit for that? Weight has nothing to do with it.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Who are you? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

We do now. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Excuse me.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Right, and where am I gonna be? Well, this is a radiation suit. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

You do? Wow, you must be rich. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Jesus, you smoke too? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

What did you say? You're George McFly. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Really.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Whoa, this is heavy. Doc, you gotta help- Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Uh, look me up when you get there. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. I have to tell you about the future. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Excuse me.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Marty. Marty. Marty. Wow, you must be rich. Yoo. Uh, Doc.

Its good. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. I, I don't know. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Uh, I think so.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. You're George McFly. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Hello, Jennifer. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. And he could sleep in my room. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Keys? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Look, you gotta listen to me. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? That's for messing up my hair.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Calvin. Hello. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Mom, Dad. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. I've gotta go.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Excuse me. I'll call you tonight. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

I said the keys are in here. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Who? Uh, look me up when you get there. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Alright, I'm ready. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

What did your mother ever see in that kid? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Oh. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Yeah, he's right here.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh, just a little weather experiment. Oh. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

Without any sugar. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? He's a very strange young man. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Thanks.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Good morning. Okay, but I don't know what to say. I'm gonna ram him. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. What, what is it hot? Are those my clocks I hear?

How's your head? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Uh, look me up when you get there. Right. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Hello, Jennifer. Well, this is a radiation suit.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. What Lorraine, what? What a nightmare. Oh. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

What you got under here? Marty, is that you? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh, yeah, yeah. Did you hurt your head?

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Sit here, Marty. He's an absolute dream. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

You know what I do in those situations? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

George: you ever think of running for class president? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Save the clock tower. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Shit. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

What, what? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Ah. Why not? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Perfect, just perfect. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. C'mon. Working. No, Doc.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. That's good advice, Marty. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. The future, it's where you're going? I think I know exactly what you mean. Thank you. In about thirty years.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Doc? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Jesus. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Perfect, just perfect. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Whoa, this is heavy.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Well gee, I don't know. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Yeah okay.

Right. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Uh, yeah. Stop it. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. What about George? Really. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. It's about the future, isn't it? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. C'mon, c'mon let's go. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Crazy drunk drivers. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. How's your head? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Huh?

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. We all make mistakes in life, children Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

That's for messing up my hair. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. No, why, what's a matter? Actually, people call me Marty. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Jesus. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Without any sugar.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Ah, where're my pants? Hello, Jennifer. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Mom, Dad. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Jesus. Stop it. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? I'll get it back to you, alright? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Because, you might regret it later in life.

No. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Nothing. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Are you gonna order something, kid? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Uh, look me up when you get there. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Ah, honey, your first novel. Are you gonna order something, kid? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Doc?

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Uncle Jailbird Joey? No. Hello. Uh, coast guard.

Nothing. What? What, well you mean like a date? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Okay Doc, this is it.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

Yoo. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Yeah, it's in the back.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Yeah, it's 8:00. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Mom, is that you? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Good morning, Mom. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. We all make mistakes in life, children Biff. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Let's get him. That's George McFly. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Are you sure about this storm? Say that again. this has gotta be a dream.

Wrecked? The flux capacitor. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Whoa, wait, Doc. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Yeah okay. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Ahh. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Never mind that now, never mind that now. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Marty, you made it. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. We do now. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Do you mind if we park for a while? He's a peeping tom. Dad. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Wait a minute.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Maybe you were adopted. Yeah, it's 8:00. Is she pretty? Never?

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. What did you say? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

You know what I do in those situations? God dammit, I'm late. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Well, I figured, what the hell. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Scram, McFly.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Don't say a word.

Doc, you gotta help- You know what I do in those situations? Right. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Well, Biff. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Are you okay? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Unroll their fire.

Doc, is that a de- What? Huh? Scram, McFly. Damn. I'm late for school.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Mom, is that you? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Yeah. I'll call you tonight.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Flux capacitor. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Right check, Doc.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. You do? What, well you mean like a date? You know what I do in those situations? Listen, Doc.

Doc. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Mom, is that you? Working.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Precisely. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Yoo.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. No, Biff, you leave her alone. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Let's get him.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- What's that thing he's on? Doc, is that a de- Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. What, what is it hot?

What's the meaning of this. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Oh yes sir. He's a very strange young man.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? No, not yet. What? Who's are these? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Thank you. In about thirty years. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Yeah. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

Excuse me. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Yeah. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Jesus, you smoke too?

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. I haven't Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Uh, well, I gotta go. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Ronald Reagon. Sit here, Marty. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Oh. Listen, Doc. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Where does he come from? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. This is for all you lovers out there.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Yeah, he's right here. This sounds pretty heavy. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Ah, honey, your first novel. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Bet your ass it works. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Alright, punk, now- Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Well uh, good, fine. You'll find out in thirty years. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Crazy drunk drivers. Calvin.

Get your meat hooks off of me. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Uh, coast guard. What, what, ma? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Without any sugar. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Uh, well, I gotta go. Why is she gonna get angry with you? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Doc. Oh. I'll call you tonight. I have to tell you about the future. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Biff. Hello. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Oh.

What did you say? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. What, what is it hot? Well gee, I don't know. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Huh? Look, you gotta listen to me.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Oh. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. The hell you doing to my car?

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. You're gonna be in the car with her. Ahh. Ahh. Marty, you made it.

Why do you keep following me around? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Listen, Doc. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. George. Is she pretty?

I have to tell you about the future. Well uh, good, fine. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

What, what, ma? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? George. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

Thanks, thanks a lot. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

Uh, coast guard. George, help me, please. Excuse me. C'mon. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Doc? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Well uh, good, fine. Really. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. What about George? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

Where? You okay, is everything alright? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Hello.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Ahh. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Doc? Yeah, where does he live?

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Who's are these? Uh, look me up when you get there. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

He's an absolute dream. Breakfast. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Yeah, it's in the back.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. What? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Whoa, this is heavy. You're George McFly.

Did you hurt your head? You too. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. You'll find out. Yeah, sure, okay.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Lorraine, are you up there? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Mom, is that you? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Alright, I'm ready.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? I will.

No. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Lorenzo, where're you keys? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Lorraine. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Do you mind if we park for a while? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Yeah. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Never? Nothing's coming to my mind.

He's a very strange young man. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? I, I don't know. Okay.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Yeah, exactly. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. I, I don't know. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

I think we need a rematch. Well, this is a radiation suit. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Well gee, I don't know. What the hell is this?

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. You'll find out.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Hey boy, are you alright?

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Is she pretty? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. George. George.

You too. Well, I guess that's everything. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Jennifer. He's an absolute dream. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. This sounds pretty heavy.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. About how far ahead are you going? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Science Fiction Theater. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Perfect, just perfect.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. We never would have fallen in love. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Leave her alone, you bastard. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yet. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Uh, yeah. No, Biff, you leave her alone. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. He's a very strange young man. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Will you take care of that? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? That's for messing up my hair.

You bet. Well, I guess that's everything. Don't say a word. I, I don't know. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Ah, where're my pants? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Stop it. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. What?

This sounds pretty heavy. The storm. Save the clock tower. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? I'll call you tonight.

It's a board with wheels. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Yeah. Well, Biff. Yoo.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Thank you. In about thirty years. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Ohh, no.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Your, your right. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Biff. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Hello, Jennifer. Watch it, Goldie.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. I'll call you tonight. Doc, you gotta help- Shit.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Whoa, wait, Doc. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Actually, people call me Marty. I, I don't know.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Ahh. Doc. I followed you. What, what is it hot? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Where does he come from? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. No.

Well, Biff. Well, this is a radiation suit. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Mom, is that you?

He's alright. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

Ohh, no. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. What's the meaning of this. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Ah. Whoa. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Where were we.

What, well you mean like a date? Doc. Mom, is that you? Do you mind if we park for a while? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Ah well, sort of.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Uh, I think so. Doc.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Biff. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Whoa, wait, Doc. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. I haven't Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Do you mind if we park for a while? Did you hurt your head? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Marty, are you alright? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Alright, I'm ready.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Oh. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. That's for messing up my hair.

Alright, punk, now- Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Right. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Bet your ass it works.

Right. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Well, this is a radiation suit. Well uh, good, fine. Really.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Excuse me. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Yeah. McFly. Breakfast. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Yeah, he's right here. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Ohh, no. Uh, coast guard. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Leave her alone, you bastard. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Biff. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Nothing. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. It's my dad.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Yeah, where does he live? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

George. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I think we need a rematch. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Nothing's coming to my mind.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Uncle Jailbird Joey? I'm gonna be at the dance. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Right, and where am I gonna be? He's a peeping tom. Dad. I have to tell you about the future. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. I'll get it back to you, alright?

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Without any sugar. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Oh yes sir. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Ahh.

Precisely. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Flux capacitor. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. C'mon. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Whoa, this is heavy.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Quiet. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Whoa, whoa, okay. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Where does he come from? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Marty, are you alright? Who do you think, the Libyans. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Right about here. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. What, well you mean like a date? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Oh yes sir.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. No. Jennifer. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Weight has nothing to do with it.

You'll find out in thirty years. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? I don't wanna see you in here again. Sit here, Marty.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Uh, Doc.

That ain't no airplane, look. Huh? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Good morning, Mom.

Hello. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. That's him. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Oh. C'mon, c'mon. I haven't

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Next, please. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Science Fiction Theater. Doc, is that a de- Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Oh. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Right. Leave me alone. Doc, she didn't even look at him. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Right.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, what I meant to day was- Hello. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Right about here. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. What did you say?

What, what, ma? Hello. Marty, are you alright? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Ahh. Ahh.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Ahh. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. That's him. I have a feeling too.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Yeah, it's 8:00. Okay Doc, this is it. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Huh?

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? What was it, George, bird watching? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

What? Ah. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

Huh? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. That's a big bruise you have there. Where the hell are they. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. That's right. I've gotta go. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Its good. Why do you keep following me around? Are you gonna order something, kid? Oh, yeah, yeah.

Well, Biff. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Get your meat hooks off of me. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. It's a board with wheels.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Mom, Dad. I hope so. We all make mistakes in life, children

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? C'mon, c'mon let's go. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. This sounds pretty heavy.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Marty, that was very interesting music. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Erased from existence. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. I said the keys are in here. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Uh, look me up when you get there. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Say that again. Quiet. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Yeah, where does he live?

Huh? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Back to the future. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- What, what? Where?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Well, Biff.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Ah, honey, your first novel. Right.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Oh yes sir. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

No, not yet. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Jesus. Let's go.

Hi, Marty. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Good morning, Mom.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Who are you? Ah, where're my pants? Watch it, Goldie. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Oh. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. What you got under here? Are you okay? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Don't say a word. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Crazy drunk drivers. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Right. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Where were we. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Oh. I followed you. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? C'mon.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Ahh. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Say that again. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. That ain't no airplane, look. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

What? Ahh. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

I just wanna use the phone. I followed you. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Breakfast. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? You're George McFly. That's for messing up my hair.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. No. Your, your right.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? I don't wanna see you in here again. Hi, Marty. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Marty, that was very interesting music.

What, what, ma? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. What a nightmare. Whoa, wait, Doc. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Excuse me. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Calvin. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Hello. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Precisely. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Go. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Never?

Excuse me. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Well, I figured, what the hell. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

What? Uh, Doc. Where? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. No. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Yeah. Yeah, who are you? What's a rerun? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Marty, are you alright? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. I have a feeling too. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Watch it, Goldie. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Where?

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Where the hell are they. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Yeah, where does he live?

No, why, what's a matter? No, Doc. George, help me, please. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Hey. Weight has nothing to do with it. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Where? Next, please. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Ahh.

Yeah. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Oh, just a little weather experiment. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Well, Biff. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Ah well, sort of. Actually, people call me Marty.

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

I just wanna use the phone. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Yeah, sure, okay.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Oh. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Now Biff, don't con me. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. That's good advice, Marty. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Doc.

Stop it. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. What? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

And where's my reports? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Doc. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Are you okay? We never would have fallen in love. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Oh. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Thanks, thanks a lot. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. What's the meaning of this.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Okay. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? What, I don't get what happened. That's for messing up my hair.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Who's are these? I've gotta go. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Whoa, wait, Doc. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Thanks a lot, kid. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. What's that thing he's on? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. C'mon, c'mon. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Hey. It's a board with wheels. Ahh. Ahh. Yeah, exactly.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Are you gonna order something, kid? Wrecked? When did this happen and- You know what I do in those situations?

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. I'll get it back to you, alright? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- The storm. You're George McFly.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Oh yes sir. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... What did your mother ever see in that kid? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Right. Ah. Whoa. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

I hope so. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Yeah, who are you? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. What did you say?

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Doc, wait. No, bastards. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. I'll call you tonight. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? No, not yet.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Who are you? Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. C'mon, c'mon let's go. The hell you doing to my car? In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Yeah. Ahh. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Well uh, good, fine. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Holy shit.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Hello, Jennifer. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. What the hell is a gigawatt? What?

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah. Sit here, Marty. Marty, is that you?

Right, and where am I gonna be? What the hell is this? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

I have a feeling too. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Holy shit. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

The future, it's where you're going? Doc. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Yeah, he's right here. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I hope so.

What Lorraine, what? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Lorraine. Yoo.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Ah, where're my pants? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Whoa, this is heavy. Oh.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Go. Go. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Uh, I think so. No.

Let's put him in there. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Really. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Doc.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Erased from existence. Go. Jesus, you smoke too? What?

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Who, who? That ain't no airplane, look. Whoa, this is heavy. Marty, such a nice name.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Nothing. That's George McFly. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Damn. I'm late for school. Hi, Marty. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? this has gotta be a dream. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. I will. Wow, you must be rich. I think we need a rematch. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Ah well, sort of. Yeah, who are you? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Biff. Well, this is a radiation suit. The storm.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? You'll find out in thirty years. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Right, and where am I gonna be? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

What? Wrecked? When did this happen and- I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. I will.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? He's a peeping tom. Dad. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Yeah. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Thanks, thanks a lot. Say that again. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Right. Let's get him. Oh. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Alright, we're the pinheads.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Alright, punk, now- You okay, is everything alright? You got a permit for that? Whoa, wait, Doc.

Are you okay? Doc. What Lorraine, what? You know what I do in those situations? Hello, Jennifer.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. How about a ride, Mister? Doc. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Why do you keep following me around?

Aw yeah, everything is great. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Ahh. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

Let's put him in there. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Mom, Dad. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Right. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Yeah.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I don't wanna see you in here again. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. You know what I do in those situations? Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Why not? Quiet. I said the keys are in here. Huh? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Hey. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. McFly.

Uh, coast guard. I'll get it back to you, alright? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Look, you gotta listen to me. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Do you mind if we park for a while? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Whoa, wait, Doc.

You'll find out. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Uh, well, I gotta go. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Holy shit. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Quiet. That's right. C'mon.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Who? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- What's with the life preserver? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Who? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Back to the future. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Are those my clocks I hear? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. What's that thing he's on?

You're gonna be in the car with her. I don't wanna see you in here again. Whoa, whoa, okay. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

What you got under here? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Hello, Jennifer. Maybe you were adopted.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? C'mon. I guarantee it. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? I've gotta go.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Good morning. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda You're gonna be in the car with her. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Where were we. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Marty, is that you? Where were we. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Ah well, sort of. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

The keys are in the trunk. Ah, where're my pants? C'mon. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Excuse me. Ah well, sort of.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Well, they're bigger than me. this has gotta be a dream. Okay Doc, this is it.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Oh. That's right. Take care.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Alright, we're the pinheads. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Jennifer. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

I just wanna use the phone. Whoa, whoa, okay. Lorraine, are you up there? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

That's George McFly? I think we need a rematch. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Doc. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. How about a ride, Mister?

Science Fiction Theater. Ahh. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Good morning, Mom. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Go. Go. Hi.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Ah well, sort of. Yeah, who are you? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. I think we need a rematch. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Marty, why are you so nervous? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Biff.

You're gonna be in the car with her. Uh, look me up when you get there. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. What, what? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Jesus. Will you take care of that? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Good morning. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. We never would have fallen in love. Let's put him in there.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Whoa, this is heavy. What did I just say? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Hi, Marty. Um, well it's a delorean, right? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Wrecked? When did this happen and- I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Doc.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Without any sugar. That's for messing up my hair. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. I'll call you tonight.

Stop it. Huh? Right. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Really.

Next, please. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Thanks. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. He's alright.

Right, and where am I gonna be? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Who is that guy. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Uh? Its good. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Good morning.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Where does he come from?

Right, and where am I gonna be? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Where the hell are they.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Its good. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. What was it, George, bird watching? He's a very strange young man. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Marty. Marty. Marty. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... You too. Mom, is that you? The future, it's where you're going?

Sit here, Marty. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? What? Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Perfect, just perfect.

I have to tell you about the future. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Crazy drunk drivers. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Yeah. Go. Go. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Ahh. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Why do you keep following me around? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. It's a board with wheels. Okay Doc, this is it.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Jesus, you smoke too? Right. Nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Yeah.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Keys? No, why, what's a matter? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Listen, Doc. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. C'mon. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Uh, Doc.

Huh? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. I have to tell you about the future. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

Just finishing up the second coat now. George. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. What, what, ma?

Get your meat hooks off of me. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Uh, I think so. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Why not? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Back to the future. The flux capacitor.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Uh, Doc. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Oh, yeah, yeah. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Watch it, Goldie.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Bet your ass it works. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Damn. I'm late for school.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Right.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? What Lorraine, what? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Aw yeah, everything is great. Flux capacitor. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Yeah. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. You'll find out. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Yet.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Mom, is that you?

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. That's him. He's alright. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Let's go.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Bet your ass it works. Actually, people call me Marty. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Doc, you gotta help-

That's George McFly? George. Yeah. Right. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Yeah, gimme a Tab. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Alright, I'm ready. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Listen, Doc. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Uh, yeah. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. That's him. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

How about a ride, Mister? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? This is for all you lovers out there. Right. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Working.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Quiet. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Are those my clocks I hear? What the hell is this?

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Lorraine. Why do you keep following me around? What? He's a very strange young man.

Just finishing up the second coat now. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Marty, is that you?

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. I've gotta go.

Will you take care of that? Who is that guy. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Right, and where am I gonna be? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? I'm gonna ram him. Doc.

Nothing's coming to my mind. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. We never would have fallen in love. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Oh. Calvin. That's George McFly. Well uh, good, fine. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I think I know exactly what you mean. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Crazy drunk drivers.

Weight has nothing to do with it. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Is she pretty? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. What? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Okay. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Yeah, sure, okay. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Alright, we're the pinheads. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. No, why, what's a matter?

We never would have fallen in love. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. He's your brother, Mom. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Without any sugar. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. That ain't no airplane, look.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Huh? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. I said the keys are in here. Because, you might regret it later in life.

I hope so. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Lorenzo, where're you keys? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Are those my clocks I hear? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. What, I don't get what happened.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. What did you say? I haven't You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Well, this is a radiation suit. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

What, what? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Well gee, I don't know. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Never mind that now, never mind that now. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. I have to tell you about the future.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Where the hell are they. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Yeah. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

What Lorraine, what? Wow, you must be rich. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Excuse me.

You don't understand. Breakfast. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Uh?

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. What? Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Good morning, Mom. Marty, is that you? Hey boy, are you alright? Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. No, bastards. Nothing's coming to my mind. What Lorraine, what?

Oh. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Wow, you must be rich. Well, she's not doing a very good job. C'mon.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. What, what, ma? Watch it, Goldie. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Right. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Jesus, you smoke too? He's your brother, Mom. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Ah, honey, your first novel.

Right. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. C'mon. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

That's him. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? You got a permit for that? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Yeah, well history is gonna change. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

He's your brother, Mom. Ah. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Uh, coast guard. Jesus. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Where were we.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Stop it.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Um, well it's a delorean, right? I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. I just wanna use the phone. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Did you hurt your head? Crazy drunk drivers. Don't tell me anything. No, not yet.

The future, it's where you're going? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Doc. Well, I figured, what the hell. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Wrecked? Yeah, who are you? Thanks.

Well, they're bigger than me. Right. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Good morning, Mom.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. The hell you doing to my car? You okay, is everything alright? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Doc, you gotta help- Yeah.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? It's my dad.

Hello. What? Uh, yeah. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Right, I got it. Yeah, it's in the back. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Hello, Jennifer. Excuse me. Right. Who are you? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo What did you say? You're George McFly. What a nightmare. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Uh? Yeah. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Holy shit.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. What? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Bet your ass it works. Right. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Uh, well, I gotta go.

What's a rerun? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Stop it. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Well gee, I don't know. You got a permit for that? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Which one's your pop? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Right. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Ah. Whoa. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Where does he come from? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

No. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Ahh. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Listen, Doc. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Why do you keep following me around? I guarantee it.

Right check, Doc. Are you okay? What? I think we need a rematch. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. What you got under here? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- George, aren't you gonna kiss me? What's going on? Where have you been all week? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Biff. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. You got a permit for that? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Who, who? And where's my reports?

Right, and where am I gonna be? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? What, what, ma? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Well, I figured, what the hell. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Why not? What, I don't get what happened. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Yeah. It's a board with wheels. Yoo. You know what I do in those situations? Because, you might regret it later in life.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Listen, Doc. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Excuse me.

Whoa, whoa, okay. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Ronald Reagon. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Yeah.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Good morning, Mom. What Lorraine, what? Go. Go.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. He's alright. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Stop it. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Oh. The future, it's where you're going? Do you mind if we park for a while? You too. What?

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. What? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Whoa, this is heavy. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Do you mind if we park for a while?

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Alright, I'm ready.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Aw yeah, everything is great. Well gee, I don't know. Hello, Jennifer. Its good.

Well gee, I don't know. I'll get it back to you, alright? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Say that again.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Who is that guy.

I hope so. What did I just say? About how far ahead are you going? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? That's a big bruise you have there.

That's for messing up my hair. Unroll their fire. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Who? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Good morning. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Let's go. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Stop it. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Jesus, you smoke too? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Right. I think we need a rematch.

Who are you? Your, your right. Huh? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Shit. No, Doc. We do now. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Okay. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. No. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Now Biff, don't con me. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Uh, well, I gotta go. Because, you might regret it later in life. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Doc, you gotta help- Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. What? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

And he could sleep in my room. What, well you mean like a date? Oh, just a little weather experiment. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

And where's my reports? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. I will.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I have a feeling too. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. George, help me, please. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I'll get it back to you, alright? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Where's Einstein, is he with you? C'mon. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Why not? What the hell is a gigawatt? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Oh.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? C'mon. I'm gonna ram him. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Yet. McFly. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I said the keys are in here. Uh, yeah.

Watch it, Goldie. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Let's go.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Yeah. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Oh. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Hey boy, are you alright? Maybe you were adopted. Mom, is that you? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. What?

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Oh, what I meant to day was- Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Marty, is that you? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. I haven't Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Precisely. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Uh, Doc. Right, and where am I gonna be? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Jesus.

Hello. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Wow, you must be rich. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Who? Oh yes sir. What you got under here? George, help me, please. Well, I guess that's everything.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. The flux capacitor. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Next, please. Where?

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I can't play. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Actually, people call me Marty.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. McFly. Yeah, who are you? Good morning, Mom.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Hello. Scram, McFly. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. What?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Precisely. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Whoa, wait, Doc.

He's a very strange young man. What the hell is a gigawatt? He's your brother, Mom. Stop it. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Ahh. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Marty, is that you? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Lorraine, are you up there? Right.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Well, I figured, what the hell. No, bastards. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Oh yes sir. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Hey boy, are you alright?

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. You don't understand. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? What's the meaning of this. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Marty, you made it. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

This is for all you lovers out there. Precisely. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. This sounds pretty heavy. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

Jennifer. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Now Biff, don't con me. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Well, I figured, what the hell. You don't understand. What, well you mean like a date? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Thanks a lot, kid.

Where were we. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Marty, why are you so nervous? Hi. The hell you doing to my car?

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. I've gotta go. I'll call you tonight. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Lorraine. Thanks a lot, kid. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

I guarantee it. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Who? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Yoo.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. This is for all you lovers out there. Oh. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Who's are these? Go. Go. Where the hell are they. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Bet your ass it works. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

You'll find out in thirty years. Yeah, it's 8:00. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Crazy drunk drivers. No, bastards. Thanks a lot, kid. Uh, coast guard.

Yeah. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. God dammit, I'm late. Ahh. Biff.

The future, it's where you're going? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Ah, where're my pants?

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Oh. The hell you doing to my car? Thanks a lot, kid. Doc.

Without any sugar. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. You too.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Who, who? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Breakfast. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Wrecked? Huh? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Which one's your pop?

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. What was it, George, bird watching? I'll get it back to you, alright? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Are those my clocks I hear? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Marty, is that you? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? What? Right.

Jennifer. How's your head? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. What a nightmare.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Children. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

And where's my reports? I can't play. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Well, they're bigger than me.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. And he could sleep in my room. It's a board with wheels.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Back to the future. What? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Without any sugar. Mom, Dad. Oh. Who are you? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Breakfast.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? What's going on? Where have you been all week? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. What's that thing he's on? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Ahh. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Don't tell me anything.

Who are you? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Bet your ass it works. I don't wanna see you in here again. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Stop it. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? I've gotta go.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. The keys are in the trunk.

What? Marty, are you alright? Marty, will we ever see you again? I don't wanna see you in here again. Well, they're bigger than me.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. George. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Erased from existence. No, why, what's a matter? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Yeah. What? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Go. Go.

I'll get it back to you, alright? What Lorraine, what? this has gotta be a dream. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. No. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Go. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Why do you keep following me around? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Right. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

About how far ahead are you going? Right about here. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Where? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Right check, Doc. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. I followed you. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. George. Stop it.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Oh. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Who are you? The future, it's where you're going? Biff. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I just wanna use the phone. Huh? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. It's a board with wheels. What did I just say? Marty, why are you so nervous?

No. It's about the future, isn't it? I'll get it back to you, alright? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Uh, yeah. No, not yet. He's a very strange young man. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Don't say a word. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Right, and where am I gonna be? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Yeah. I'm gonna ram him. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

George, help me, please. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Stop it. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Scram, McFly. Where were we.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Save the clock tower. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? I said the keys are in here.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Hello, Jennifer. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

The future, it's where you're going? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Ohh, no. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. No. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yeah.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Are you gonna order something, kid? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. What's with the life preserver?

Stop it. Yeah, where does he live? Damn. I'm late for school. Lorraine, are you up there? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. That's good advice, Marty. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Okay.

The keys are in the trunk. We all make mistakes in life, children Uh, look me up when you get there. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Hello, Jennifer.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Yeah, exactly. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Who? Right. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Go. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Yeah, well history is gonna change. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Which one's your pop? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. What the hell is this? I, I don't know. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

I think I know exactly what you mean. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I've gotta go. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Uh, Doc. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Marty, are you alright? And he could sleep in my room. Yeah. Hello.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Biff. Do you mind if we park for a while? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Alright, we're the pinheads. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Hello.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. How about a ride, Mister? Doc? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

What? You okay, is everything alright? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Precisely. Ronald Reagon. Oh. Hello. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Doc, you gotta help- Well uh, good, fine.

Who do you think, the Libyans. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Yeah, who are you?

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Excuse me. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Why not? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Uh, I think so. Well uh, good, fine. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Nothing.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Are you gonna order something, kid? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Wait a minute. Working. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Who do you think, the Libyans. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. He's your brother, Mom. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. What, I don't get what happened.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Well, this is a radiation suit. No, Doc. I haven't The hell you doing to my car?

You too. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Ahh.

Hello. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Oh, yeah, yeah. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Quiet. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Yeah.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Hey boy, are you alright? Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Ronald Reagon. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. What? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Do you mind if we park for a while? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Ahh. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

What, what, ma? Ahh. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Marty, such a nice name. Say that again.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? This is for all you lovers out there. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

What did you say? Oh. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? The future, it's where you're going? Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Who's are these? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Yeah. Leave me alone. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Uh, coast guard. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

Stop it. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Sit here, Marty. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. This is for all you lovers out there.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. He's a peeping tom. Dad. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Hey.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. That's for messing up my hair. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. He's alright.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

What Lorraine, what? Thank you. In about thirty years. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yeah, exactly.

That's George McFly. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. He's an absolute dream. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Wait a minute. Right.

Thank you. In about thirty years. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. He's your brother, Mom. What? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

What? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Let's put him in there. Oh, yeah, yeah. I'll call you tonight.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Okay. Hi, Marty. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Huh? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

I said the keys are in here. Uh, coast guard. Ahh. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Wrecked? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Maybe you were adopted. I don't wanna see you in here again. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Now Biff, don't con me. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Weight has nothing to do with it. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Yeah, who are you? Maybe you were adopted. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Yeah. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Mom, Dad.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Did you hurt your head? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. It's my dad. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Right. Thanks, thanks a lot. Why do you keep following me around? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. What?

Right. No, why, what's a matter? Marty, why are you so nervous? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Weight has nothing to do with it.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? What, what, ma? Who is that guy. About how far ahead are you going? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Doc? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Whoa, whoa, okay. Huh? Mom, Dad. I think we need a rematch. Okay Doc, this is it.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Its good. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Excuse me.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Right. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Right.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Shit.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. McFly. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. What, I don't get what happened.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Go. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Oh, what I meant to day was- It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. I think we need a rematch. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. No. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Right. Thanks, thanks a lot. That's good advice, Marty. Doc.

Right check, Doc. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Are you sure about this storm? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Let's put him in there.

Jesus. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. That's George McFly. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. C'mon.

The flux capacitor. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Okay, but I don't know what to say. God dammit, I'm late. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

Oh. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Oh yes sir. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

I'm gonna be at the dance. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Yeah. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. How's your head? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Listen, Doc. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Jesus, you smoke too? Keys? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Uh, coast guard. Let's go. What, what? Uh, I think so.

You too. Right. Back to the future. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Flux capacitor. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Doc, she didn't even look at him. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Oh yes sir.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. It's about the future, isn't it? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Ah well, sort of. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Huh? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Stop it.

Marty, such a nice name. What you got under here? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Oh.

Now Biff, don't con me. What did I just say? Doc. What was it, George, bird watching? Get your meat hooks off of me.

Now Biff, don't con me. Hello, Jennifer. What? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? This sounds pretty heavy.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. That's him. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I have to tell you about the future.

Well, they're bigger than me. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. I hope so. The hell you doing to my car? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Now Biff, don't con me. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Doc. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Uh, yeah. The hell you doing to my car? Oh.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Hey. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? The hell you doing to my car? I think we need a rematch.

Right. No, not yet. Well, I figured, what the hell. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

You got a permit for that? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Marty, you made it. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Oh. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. I think I know exactly what you mean. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? It's about the future, isn't it?

That's good advice, Marty. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

That's George McFly? Lorraine, are you up there? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Uh, Doc. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Looks like a airplane, without wings. I followed you. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Why is she gonna get angry with you? That's for messing up my hair. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

That's him. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. C'mon, c'mon. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Who?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Well uh, good, fine. No, bastards. Let's go. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Yeah, it's in the back. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Whoa, wait, Doc.

What the hell is a gigawatt? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? He's a peeping tom. Dad. What about George?

Wait a minute. Hey boy, are you alright? It's my dad. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Precisely. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Ah, where're my pants? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

What? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Leave me alone. We do now. The hell you doing to my car?

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. What's a rerun? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. It's a board with wheels. Without any sugar. Breakfast. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Save the clock tower. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Thank you. In about thirty years. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Good morning, Mom. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Hello, Jennifer. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

What the hell is this? Ahh. Well uh, good, fine. Back to the future. That's good advice, Marty.

Right. I guarantee it. Take care. Jennifer. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

No, not yet. Yeah, well history is gonna change. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

I'll get it back to you, alright? We never would have fallen in love. You don't understand. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Marty. Marty. Marty.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. What the hell is a gigawatt? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

I have to tell you about the future. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Huh? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Breakfast.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Mom, Dad. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- this has gotta be a dream. Scram, McFly. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. What?

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. What? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. I just wanna use the phone.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Lorraine. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Lorraine.

Who's are these? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. You'll find out in thirty years.

Huh? Yeah, well history is gonna change. Take care. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. That's for messing up my hair.

No, Doc. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Unroll their fire. That ain't no airplane, look.

I have a feeling too. Well, Biff. Where? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Why not?

He's your brother, Mom. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Marty. Marty. Marty. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

Do you mind if we park for a while? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Calvin. What? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Ah. Whoa. Hello. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Are those my clocks I hear? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Now Biff, don't con me. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

We all make mistakes in life, children Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. I haven't We never would have fallen in love.

Excuse me. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Yeah, it's 8:00. He's a very strange young man. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Which one's your pop? That's right. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? What did you say? Quiet. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

I can't play. Who is that guy. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Doc. I hope so.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. No. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Alright, we're the pinheads. What?

Uh, well, I gotta go. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Jesus. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. George: you ever think of running for class president? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. I can't play.

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. I think I know exactly what you mean. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Uh, look me up when you get there. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Which one's your pop? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. That's for messing up my hair. Doc, you gotta help- Who do you think, the Libyans.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Lorraine. Excuse me.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Nothing's coming to my mind. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. I followed you. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

I hope so. Yeah. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Go. Go. Yeah.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Stop it. Say that again. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Ahh. Stop it. Who are you? Huh? Where were we.

Right. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. You're George McFly. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Ah. And where's my reports? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. You bet. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Damn. I'm late for school. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. I have a feeling too.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. We do now. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

That's for messing up my hair. Working. That's good advice, Marty. What, what, ma? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. No, why, what's a matter? Breakfast. What, I don't get what happened. Ah. Whoa.

Ahh. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Doc.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. George.

He's alright. Thanks a lot, kid. Yoo. What? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? I will. Holy shit. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. I guarantee it. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Right. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Your, your right. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Yeah. And he could sleep in my room.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. What did your mother ever see in that kid? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Never? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

And where's my reports? Alright, I'm ready. Yeah. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Thanks, thanks a lot. What's a rerun?

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. It's my dad. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Marty, will we ever see you again? You're George McFly.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Ah. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Stop it.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Who are you? C'mon.

Right. You bet. Right, I got it. Yeah. Right check, Doc.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. I think I know exactly what you mean. Really. Well, Biff. I hope so.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc About how far ahead are you going? Doc, is that a de- What the hell is this? Yeah.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Never? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Precisely.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Scram, McFly. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

What Lorraine, what? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Hello, Jennifer. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. I'm gonna be at the dance.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Thanks, thanks a lot. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Leave her alone, you bastard. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Biff. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Actually, people call me Marty. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Marty, such a nice name. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Stop it. What was it, George, bird watching?

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. What about George? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. C'mon. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. What's a rerun? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Yeah.

C'mon. I followed you. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. The future, it's where you're going? Alright, we're the pinheads.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Holy shit. Are you sure about this storm? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? George, help me, please. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. That ain't no airplane, look.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. What, I don't get what happened. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Yeah, exactly. Science Fiction Theater.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Yeah, it's in the back. Biff. McFly.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Hi. I can't play. Keys? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Okay, but I don't know what to say. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? The storm. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? George.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. He's your brother, Mom. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. What about George? Where's Einstein, is he with you? Who is that guy. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

Let's put him in there. What, what? You too. You don't understand. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

I followed you. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Good morning. What, well you mean like a date?

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? That's a big bruise you have there. What, what? Ahh.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Nothing. Why do you keep following me around? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Ah. Okay. What the hell is this? I just wanna use the phone. Did you hurt your head?

I followed you. He's a peeping tom. Dad. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I haven't Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Huh?

Stop it. What? Who do you think, the Libyans. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Damn. I'm late for school.

Uh, well, I gotta go. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Why not? Without any sugar. You do? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

What's the meaning of this. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Yeah, it's 8:00. What, what, ma? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Who? George. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Because, you might regret it later in life. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. No. I can't play. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. What did you say?

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Uh, Doc. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Say that again. You're George McFly. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Uncle Jailbird Joey? A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? He's a very strange young man. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Working.

The keys are in the trunk. Right. Leave me alone. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Biff. No, why, what's a matter? Right, I got it.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Really. No, why, what's a matter? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Wow, you must be rich.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Yoo. That's for messing up my hair. God dammit, I'm late. I've gotta go.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. No, Doc. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Wrecked? Marty you gotta come back with me.

Huh? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. I guarantee it. Scram, McFly.

He's an absolute dream. Breakfast. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

Just finishing up the second coat now. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

Okay Doc, this is it. You'll find out. What, what is it hot? Next, please. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

Nothing. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Why not? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Are you sure about this storm?

Right, and where am I gonna be? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Without any sugar.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Well, Biff. Doc, she didn't even look at him. The keys are in the trunk.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Ah well, sort of. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Go. Go. Ahh. Doc. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. McFly.

You too. Well, Biff. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Yeah. Flux capacitor.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. I, I don't know. That's good advice, Marty.

Yeah, exactly. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I've gotta go. Biff. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Okay. Well, she's not doing a very good job. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. We never would have fallen in love. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Oh. Yeah, he's right here. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. About how far ahead are you going?

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Marty, will we ever see you again? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Uh, Doc. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Science Fiction Theater. C'mon, c'mon. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Stop it. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. This is for all you lovers out there. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Where does he come from? Well, this is a radiation suit. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Whoa, whoa, okay. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. McFly.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Marty, are you alright? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. I just wanna use the phone.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Where? He's an absolute dream.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Hello. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Do you mind if we park for a while? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. No.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Well, I figured, what the hell. Right about here. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Marty, will we ever see you again?

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Excuse me. You do? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Nothing. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Uh, well, I gotta go.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Ahh. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Say that again. What a nightmare. Mom, is that you? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Doc. We do now. C'mon. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Ah well, sort of. Yeah, he's right here. Why not? Oh. Oh.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Weight has nothing to do with it. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Ah. Whoa.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Go.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Lorraine. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Where? Ahh.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? That's George McFly? this has gotta be a dream. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Ah. Whoa.

Yeah. What, what, ma? Stop it. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Okay Doc, this is it.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Watch it, Goldie. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Ah. What a nightmare. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Who, who? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Uh, coast guard. What?

You'll find out in thirty years. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? That ain't no airplane, look. Oh yes sir. Right.

Yoo. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. This is for all you lovers out there. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Well gee, I don't know.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Let's get him. Why not? A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Oh, what I meant to day was- Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? We never would have fallen in love.

Thank you. In about thirty years. Just finishing up the second coat now. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Oh, yeah, yeah.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Good morning. About how far ahead are you going? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. The flux capacitor.

Oh. He's a very strange young man. The keys are in the trunk. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Shit.

Who? C'mon, c'mon let's go. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Next, please. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Yeah. Next, please. Where the hell are they. Biff. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Yeah. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Look, you gotta listen to me. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Oh. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda And where's my reports?

Say that again. God dammit, I'm late. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Damn. I'm late for school. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Precisely. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. No, Doc. Yeah.

Whoa, whoa, okay. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. I hope so. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Excuse me.

Yet. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Don't tell me anything.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Uh, Doc. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Ah.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. McFly.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Nothing.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Hello, Jennifer. No, why, what's a matter? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Biff. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? What's that thing he's on? I guarantee it.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Yeah okay.

Doc. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Alright, I'm ready. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. And he could sleep in my room.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. I hope so. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Well, they're bigger than me.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Stop it. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Yet. Working.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Uh, Doc. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

What? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Mom, Dad. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Yeah. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. I will. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Will you take care of that?

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. What Lorraine, what? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? That's George McFly?

Stop it. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Where? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Children.

Mom, is that you? You know what I do in those situations? Right. Hello. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Ahh. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. I guarantee it.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Aw yeah, everything is great. Marty, why are you so nervous? Leave her alone, you bastard. Yet.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Oh. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Oh. Yeah, exactly. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Oh, what I meant to day was- C'mon, c'mon.

What, well you mean like a date? We do now. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Who are you?

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Why not? Nothing's coming to my mind. Uh, well, I gotta go. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? What, what? What did I just say? That's him. He's a very strange young man.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Right.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Oh. I think we need a rematch. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Ahh. Ahh. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Because, you might regret it later in life. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Doc? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. I think I know exactly what you mean. I'll call you tonight. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

The future, it's where you're going? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Why not? Huh? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I have to tell you about the future. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Alright, I'm ready. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Scram, McFly. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Well, they're bigger than me. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. You bet. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Is she pretty? Jesus, you smoke too? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. He's a very strange young man. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Because, you might regret it later in life. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Good morning. Wait a minute. Good morning, Mom.

Science Fiction Theater. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Doc, is that a de- Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Right. Whoa, whoa, okay. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. I have a feeling too. Thanks a lot, kid. Huh?

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Ahh. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Breakfast.

Let's go. What? Say that again. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Excuse me. George. George. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Lorraine, are you up there? Thanks a lot, kid. We all make mistakes in life, children Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Uh, Doc. Ahh. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

You'll find out in thirty years. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Thank you. In about thirty years. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Right, I got it. Yeah. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Huh? Watch it, Goldie. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Perfect, just perfect. Um, well it's a delorean, right? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Good morning, Mom. You okay, is everything alright? C'mon. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

That's right. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. George: you ever think of running for class president? I've gotta go. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. What? Stop it.

Watch it, Goldie. No. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Calvin.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. How's your head? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Listen, Doc. Oh.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

No, why, what's a matter? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. The future, it's where you're going? Alright, we're the pinheads.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. That's George McFly. Yoo. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Let's put him in there. What? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. No. He's your brother, Mom. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Wow, you must be rich. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. What's that thing he's on? The future, it's where you're going?

That's George McFly. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. That's for messing up my hair. Oh.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Erased from existence.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. I said the keys are in here. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Right, I got it.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. About how far ahead are you going? Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Ohh, no. Oh. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Yeah, it's in the back. Thank you. In about thirty years. Who's are these?

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Leave me alone. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Why is she gonna get angry with you? No.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Yeah. Flux capacitor. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

McFly. Oh. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Hello, Jennifer. You okay, is everything alright?

Mom, Dad. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Save the clock tower. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Right.

Okay. Doc. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Wrecked? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. How about a ride, Mister? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

That's George McFly. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Right. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Yeah. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Listen, Doc. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? I'll call you tonight. I have to tell you about the future.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. I'm gonna be at the dance. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Ah, where're my pants? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Flux capacitor. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? C'mon. Why not? Who, who?

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Stop it. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Will you take care of that?

Hey. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Marty, that was very interesting music. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Yeah, I think maybe you do.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Get your meat hooks off of me. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Yeah, exactly. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Jesus. This is for all you lovers out there. Uh, yeah.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Back to the future. Are you gonna order something, kid?

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Uh? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. this has gotta be a dream. How's your head? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. What was it, George, bird watching?

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Children. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? You got a permit for that? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. What did you say? Well, she's not doing a very good job. You're gonna be in the car with her. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Good morning, Mom. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Let's put him in there. Because, you might regret it later in life. I think we need a rematch. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

That ain't no airplane, look. George. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Are those my clocks I hear? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Yeah, he's right here. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Look, you gotta listen to me. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Alright, we're the pinheads. Who are you? What?

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? It's my dad.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Yeah, sure, okay. Yeah, gimme a Tab. What?

Calvin. What a nightmare. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. I can't play.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Whoa, wait, Doc. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. The future, it's where you're going?

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Yeah. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Yet.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Okay. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Ah, honey, your first novel. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Hi. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Marty, is that you? Science Fiction Theater. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? What, I don't get what happened.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Ahh. Ahh. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. The flux capacitor.

Yeah, sure, okay. Hey boy, are you alright? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Who's are these? Aw yeah, everything is great.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Ahh. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. What about George? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Well uh, good, fine. Marty, why are you so nervous? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Right.

Oh. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Yeah, sure, okay. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Go. Go. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Thanks, thanks a lot. Right, and where am I gonna be? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Nothing. Your, your right. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

What, what is it hot? Thank you. In about thirty years. Well, I figured, what the hell. I have to tell you about the future. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Save the clock tower. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Leave me alone. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Well, this is a radiation suit.

I can't play. Nothing. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Thanks. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Really. Yeah. Precisely.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Right. This is for all you lovers out there.

Doc? You're George McFly. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Listen, Doc. We never would have fallen in love.

Right. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? You too. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Leave her alone, you bastard. George, help me, please.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Biff. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. That's him.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Jennifer. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Let's go. What's the meaning of this. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Stop it. George. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Hello. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Wow, you must be rich.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Yeah, sure, okay. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Did you hurt your head? No.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Whoa, this is heavy. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Don't tell me anything. Get your meat hooks off of me. I just wanna use the phone. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Yeah okay.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Excuse me. No, bastards. You bet.

Are those my clocks I hear? That's him. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Good morning, Mom. What?

C'mon. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Yeah. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. I think we need a rematch. What's the meaning of this.

What's the meaning of this. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. What about George? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

Ahh. What? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. What, well you mean like a date? Why do you keep following me around?

You'll find out in thirty years. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? It's my dad. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Hi, Marty.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Oh. What was it, George, bird watching? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

George. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Doc.

Your, your right. Back to the future. The keys are in the trunk. Right, I got it. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Yeah. Science Fiction Theater. Excuse me. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

George. Hello. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. You'll find out in thirty years.

No. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Ah. Whoa. Thank you. In about thirty years. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Uh, look me up when you get there. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. About how far ahead are you going?

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. I haven't Where? Who is that guy. Now Biff, don't con me.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Working. Calvin. Sit here, Marty. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Yeah. What Lorraine, what? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Now Biff, don't con me.

What? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Good morning, Mom. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Ahh. Yeah, who are you? Hello, Jennifer. Who are you? Hey boy, are you alright?

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Oh yes sir. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Let's get him. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Mom, is that you? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Why do you keep following me around?

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I will. Yeah, he's right here. It's my dad.

That ain't no airplane, look. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Are you gonna order something, kid? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Who is that guy.

C'mon, c'mon. Yeah, he's right here. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Ahh. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Take care. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

What was it, George, bird watching? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. What a nightmare. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Yeah. C'mon. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. You got a permit for that? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Alright, I'm ready. You know what I do in those situations? Take care. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Precisely. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. George, help me, please.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Do you mind if we park for a while? How's your head? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Well, this is a radiation suit. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Never? Ah, honey, your first novel.

What about George? Are you sure about this storm? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Uh, Doc. The future, it's where you're going?

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Quiet. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Ah. Whoa. Say that again. Which one's your pop? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Marty, such a nice name. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Hello. Working. Good morning.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Ahh. Ahh. I can't play. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

What was it, George, bird watching? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. I said the keys are in here. Right. Well, Biff.

What, well you mean like a date? Right, I got it. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? You bet.

No, Doc. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? About how far ahead are you going? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. He's your brother, Mom. George. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Jesus.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Huh? Whoa, wait, Doc. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. C'mon. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

The future, it's where you're going? Well, I guess that's everything. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. And where's my reports? Uncle Jailbird Joey?

Why is she gonna get angry with you? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- He's a very strange young man. Right. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Lorraine, are you up there? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. What, what?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Leave her alone, you bastard. Right check, Doc. George. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Unroll their fire. Flux capacitor. We all make mistakes in life, children Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Right. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. C'mon. I hope so. Next, please.

What Lorraine, what? Working. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Holy shit. Yeah, it's in the back. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Yeah. this has gotta be a dream.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Your, your right. I don't wanna see you in here again. Are those my clocks I hear? Marty, are you alright?

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Wait a minute. It's my dad. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Get your meat hooks off of me. Yeah, he's right here. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? I'm gonna be at the dance.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. No. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Precisely. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Take care. Jesus, you smoke too? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Ahh. Ahh. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Well, they're bigger than me. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Say that again.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Hello. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Right. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? George. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Yeah. You got a permit for that?

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. It's a board with wheels. Marty you gotta come back with me. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance?

Without any sugar. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Uh, yeah.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. You're George McFly. The storm. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Right about here.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Next, please. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Oh.

Where the hell are they. Yet. Hi. Where does he come from? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Marty you gotta come back with me. Excuse me. You got a permit for that? Let's go.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. That's right. Well uh, good, fine.

Hello, Jennifer. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. C'mon, c'mon. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Jesus. No.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. You're George McFly. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? George. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Hi, Marty. It's about the future, isn't it?

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. No. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

I have to tell you about the future. Are those my clocks I hear? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. What, what? What did your mother ever see in that kid? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Hello.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Alright, punk, now- We never would have fallen in love.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Why do you keep following me around? Yeah, exactly.

Yeah. Go. Go. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. What's that thing he's on? I guarantee it.

Ronald Reagon. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Hi. Shit. No.

Thanks. Bet your ass it works. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

Marty, such a nice name. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Never mind that now, never mind that now. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. What, what, ma?

Now Biff, don't con me. Right. I will. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Yeah okay.

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. You're gonna be in the car with her. Well, they're bigger than me. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

I will. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. What a nightmare.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Hello. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. How's your head? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Doc. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. This sounds pretty heavy. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? I'm gonna be at the dance.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Huh?

What did your mother ever see in that kid? I said the keys are in here. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Alright, we're the pinheads. Ohh, no.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I have a feeling too. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

The hell you doing to my car? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Right check, Doc. Doc. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Perfect, just perfect. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Go. Yeah, it's 8:00. Right. Why do you keep following me around? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Ahh. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Quiet. Are you okay? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Are those my clocks I hear? I said the keys are in here.

Huh? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. We never would have fallen in love. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Where the hell are they. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Right. Yeah, it's 8:00. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I followed you. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Without any sugar. He's an absolute dream.

What was it, George, bird watching? He's an absolute dream. Get your meat hooks off of me. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. You got a permit for that?

this has gotta be a dream. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. I said the keys are in here. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Now Biff, don't con me. Mom, Dad. What you got under here? Flux capacitor. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Take care. Stop it. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Hello, Jennifer.

Crazy drunk drivers. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. That's good advice, Marty. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Actually, people call me Marty. Listen, Doc. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

He's your brother, Mom. Leave me alone. Weight has nothing to do with it. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I think we need a rematch.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

I guarantee it. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. No, not yet. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? What?

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. What? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Back to the future. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Next, please. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Yeah, who are you? Well gee, I don't know.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

This is for all you lovers out there. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? What's a rerun? Because, you might regret it later in life. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

I guarantee it. What? George, help me, please. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... What, I don't get what happened. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Who do you think, the Libyans. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Well, they're bigger than me. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Go. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Yeah.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Right.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Ahh. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. I've gotta go. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? We do now.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. That's him. Doc, you gotta help- Yeah, it's 8:00. What was it, George, bird watching?

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. I don't wanna see you in here again. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? What, what, ma? Okay Doc, this is it. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Leave her alone, you bastard. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. George. George. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Uh, I think so. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

I guarantee it. Biff. Who, who? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Where were we.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. You're gonna be in the car with her. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Uh, coast guard. George, help me, please.

We never would have fallen in love. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Marty, are you alright? Yeah. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

Where? I've gotta go. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? What's that thing he's on? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Huh? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Do you mind if we park for a while? George. George. Oh, yeah, yeah. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. What the hell is this?

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Uh, I think so. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Yeah, it's 8:00. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Next, please. Oh.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. I have to tell you about the future. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- We never would have fallen in love. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Yeah. Oh.

A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Oh yes sir. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. That's good advice, Marty. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Stop it. Lorraine, are you up there? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Yeah. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Ahh. I haven't

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Did you hurt your head? Breakfast. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Hi, Marty. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. What? Keys?

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? this has gotta be a dream. Take care. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. How's your head? Oh.

Marty, such a nice name. The flux capacitor. Well, I guess that's everything. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Wow, you must be rich.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Did you hurt your head? Don't tell me anything.

I just wanna use the phone. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Doc.

What? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. What about George? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Oh. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I guarantee it. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Good morning, Mom. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. What's that thing he's on? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Right.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Right. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. That ain't no airplane, look.

Children. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. It's my dad. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. What the hell is a gigawatt? No, bastards. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? What the hell is a gigawatt? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Breakfast.

Whoa, whoa, okay. Okay. Now Biff, don't con me. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Why not?

Stop it. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Oh.

That's right. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Where were we. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. How's your head? You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Because, you might regret it later in life.

No. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Whoa, this is heavy. I said the keys are in here. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

Well, they're bigger than me. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Yeah.

Watch it, Goldie. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

What did I just say? No, not yet. McFly. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? I will. I have a feeling too.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Lorenzo, where're you keys? He's your brother, Mom. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Are you okay? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Stop it.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? George, help me, please.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Let's go. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Stop it. The keys are in the trunk.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I have to tell you about the future. Alright, we're the pinheads. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Your, your right. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Ronald Reagon. Because, you might regret it later in life.

What the hell is this? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Ahh. That's him.

Are you okay? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Never? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Well, Biff. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Yeah, where does he live? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Okay Doc, this is it.

He's an absolute dream. What? That's him. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. What about George?

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Where the hell are they. Right. What the hell is a gigawatt? Let's get him.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Save the clock tower. Hey boy, are you alright? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Who is that guy. Marty. Marty. Marty. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. You do? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. The flux capacitor. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

No. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? The hell you doing to my car? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

You don't understand. You don't understand. C'mon, c'mon. Your, your right. Yet.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Ahh. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Do you mind if we park for a while? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. This is for all you lovers out there.

Uh, look me up when you get there. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Save the clock tower. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

Right. What was it, George, bird watching? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. I guarantee it.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Uh, look me up when you get there. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Because, you might regret it later in life. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. I hope so.

What, what, ma? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. McFly.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. What did you say? Who, who? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Uh, Doc. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. What? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Go. Go.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. No, bastards. What? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Marty you gotta come back with me. You're gonna be in the car with her.

I guarantee it. Hey. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. About how far ahead are you going?

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Mom, Dad. That's a big bruise you have there. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

Hi. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Take care. Who do you think, the Libyans. Where the hell are they. Yeah. Scram, McFly.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. I just wanna use the phone. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

God dammit, I'm late. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Okay.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. The storm. I've gotta go. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Yeah, sure, okay. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Ah well, sort of. What?

Is she pretty? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Alright, we're the pinheads. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

What, what? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Yeah, sure, okay.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Are those my clocks I hear? Look, you gotta listen to me. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. No.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Keys? What did you say? What? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Say that again. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

He's your brother, Mom. Huh? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Yeah, I think maybe you do.

Well gee, I don't know. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Why not? No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Well, Biff. Yeah, exactly. Whoa, this is heavy. Good morning, Mom. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. What was it, George, bird watching? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Where were we. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Don't say a word. I'm gonna ram him. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? How's your head? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Why do you keep following me around? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Hello. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Flux capacitor. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. What, what? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Ronald Reagon. Oh. What, what is it hot?

Ahh. Ahh. Where? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. You don't understand.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Yeah, sure, okay. That's George McFly.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Marty. Marty. Marty. Uh, well, I gotta go. Lorraine, are you up there? Why not?

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? What, what is it hot? Take care. Yeah. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Right, and where am I gonna be? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Ohh, no. What Lorraine, what? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

He's alright. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Okay. Wow, you must be rich. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Good morning. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Where were we. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Ahh. Let's go. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Go. Go. Don't tell me anything. I followed you. Yeah. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Biff. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. I followed you. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

I followed you. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Without any sugar. Leave her alone, you bastard. Will you take care of that? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Good morning, Mom. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Whoa, whoa, okay. What Lorraine, what? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Science Fiction Theater. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Uh, coast guard. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Thanks a lot, kid. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Take care.

Ah. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Who is that guy. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Stop it. The future, it's where you're going? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Wrecked?

Erased from existence. What? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Where's Einstein, is he with you? What's that thing he's on?

I have to tell you about the future. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Yeah, sure, okay. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Yeah, exactly. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- You're gonna be in the car with her.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. No, why, what's a matter? Doc. Yeah.

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Where the hell are they. Right. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Don't tell me anything. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Let's get him. Lorraine, are you up there? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- It's a board with wheels.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Marty, you made it.

The future, it's where you're going? I've gotta go. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. The flux capacitor. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Erased from existence. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? How's your head?

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Ah well, sort of. Shit. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Marty, such a nice name. Doc. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. He's your brother, Mom.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Whoa, whoa, okay. Right. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

You too. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Leave me alone. Ahh. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Now Biff, don't con me.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Huh? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Bet your ass it works. The keys are in the trunk. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Well, this is a radiation suit. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Hello, Jennifer.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Oh. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Right. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. I'll call you tonight. Scram, McFly.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. And where's my reports? Marty, are you alright? He's a peeping tom. Dad. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? I hope so. Damn. I'm late for school. Huh? Huh?

I'm gonna ram him. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? I have to tell you about the future. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Hi, Marty. Oh. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. He's a very strange young man. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? No. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Yeah. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Why not? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Marty you gotta come back with me. George. George. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Don't tell me anything. this has gotta be a dream. The keys are in the trunk. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Listen, Doc. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Doc, you gotta help-

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. No, bastards. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Damn. I'm late for school. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Biff. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Alright, we're the pinheads. It's a board with wheels. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? You'll find out. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Keys? Right. Excuse me.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

You bet. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Marty, will we ever see you again? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Yeah, he's right here. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

Hello. Wrecked? Whoa, whoa, okay. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Right. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Where were we.

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. I think I know exactly what you mean. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Yeah. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. You know what I do in those situations? No. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Marty. Marty. Marty.

Marty, are you alright? Yeah okay. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. He's your brother, Mom. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Ahh. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Excuse me. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Who do you think, the Libyans. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Crazy drunk drivers. We never would have fallen in love. What a nightmare. Yeah, where does he live?

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Really. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Uh, look me up when you get there.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Who? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Yeah okay. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

What's the meaning of this. Ahh. Uh, coast guard. Marty, are you alright? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. No, Doc. It's about the future, isn't it? Jennifer.

And he could sleep in my room. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? I'll call you tonight. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Bet your ass it works. Doc, is that a de- What's the meaning of this.

Who are you? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Biff. What? Yeah. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Well, I figured, what the hell.

Mom, is that you? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Do you mind if we park for a while?

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? What about George? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Huh? Yeah, it's 8:00. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. No. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. No. Wait a minute. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Yeah.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Where does he come from? Okay Doc, this is it. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Who are you? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Huh?

Uh, I think so. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Huh? Ah, where're my pants? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Scram, McFly. Yeah. Bet your ass it works. Yeah, where does he live? I followed you.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. That's George McFly? Is she pretty? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. It's a board with wheels.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Let's get him. Yeah, it's 8:00. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Did you hurt your head? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Mom, Dad. Holy shit.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Doc. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Will you take care of that? Shit.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Thanks a lot, kid. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Biff. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Marty, will we ever see you again? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Yeah, where does he live? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? The hell you doing to my car? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. What a nightmare. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Good morning, Mom. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Damn. I'm late for school. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Right about here.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Right, and where am I gonna be? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Doc.

Okay. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Good morning, Mom. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Nothing's coming to my mind. What, what, ma? Uh, look me up when you get there. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Hello. You too.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? I, I don't know. Right. What? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Next, please. I don't wanna see you in here again. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Ahh. Where does he come from?

Doc, wait. No, bastards. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? That's right. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? I, I don't know. I said the keys are in here. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Are you gonna order something, kid?

No. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah, I think maybe you do. What's the meaning of this. You're George McFly.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Yeah, it's in the back. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

He's your brother, Mom. Keys? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Okay. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Hello. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. I just wanna use the phone. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Well, Biff. I'm gonna be at the dance.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Without any sugar. It's my dad. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. What a nightmare. Doc, is that a de- No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Doc, you gotta help- Marty you gotta come back with me. Yeah, exactly. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Huh?

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Uh, look me up when you get there. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. The future, it's where you're going? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Doc, is that a de- Precisely. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

Who, who? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Well, I figured, what the hell. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Jesus, you smoke too? What did your mother ever see in that kid? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Jennifer. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. The flux capacitor.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Doc, wait. No, bastards. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Why do you keep following me around? Who do you think, the Libyans. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Hey. I guarantee it. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Your, your right.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Huh? Aw yeah, everything is great. Uh, coast guard. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Oh, what I meant to day was- Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

What, what? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. What you got under here? The hell you doing to my car? Ahh.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? What?

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Hi. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Ah. Whoa. Scram, McFly.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. What's a rerun? Right. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Doc?

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. I, I don't know. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Shit.

Right. Hello. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Um, well it's a delorean, right? Take care.

You're gonna be in the car with her. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Yeah. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Damn. I'm late for school. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

Thanks. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Will you take care of that? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

Thank you. In about thirty years. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Go. Sit here, Marty. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Do you mind if we park for a while? Marty. Marty. Marty. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. C'mon, c'mon. No, bastards.

Crazy drunk drivers. Weight has nothing to do with it. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Sit here, Marty. George.

Which one's your pop? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Who? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

The hell you doing to my car? Alright, punk, now- Unroll their fire. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Whoa, this is heavy. Watch it, Goldie. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Where the hell are they. Leave me alone. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. What? Right check, Doc. Crazy drunk drivers.

Flux capacitor. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yeah. Let's get him. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

I just wanna use the phone. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Are you sure about this storm? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Yeah, it's in the back. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Ahh. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. You don't understand. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Its good. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Calvin.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. I think we need a rematch. Where were we.

Why not? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. What? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Okay. You got a permit for that? I have to tell you about the future.

Uh, I think so. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Ah. Whoa. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

What? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Hello. Jennifer. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Excuse me. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Go. Go. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Uh, yeah. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Huh? How about a ride, Mister? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Well gee, I don't know. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Okay. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Sit here, Marty. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

That's him. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. What? Let's go.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Ahh. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

C'mon, c'mon. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Maybe you were adopted.

What was it, George, bird watching? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Are those my clocks I hear? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Marty, why are you so nervous?

Shit. Sit here, Marty. That's good advice, Marty. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

You bet. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. What? What a nightmare.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Without any sugar. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. What, I don't get what happened.

Without any sugar. Wow, you must be rich. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Really.

Doc. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Ronald Reagon. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? What the hell is a gigawatt? Where were we. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Alright, I'm ready. You know what I do in those situations? Where? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. C'mon, c'mon.

What's with the life preserver? The keys are in the trunk. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I have a feeling too.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. You're George McFly. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. C'mon.

Take care. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Yeah. No, bastards.

Actually, people call me Marty. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Huh? Bet your ass it works. Right. Is she pretty? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

Which one's your pop? Uh? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Are you gonna order something, kid? Um, well it's a delorean, right?

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? What, what, ma? He's your brother, Mom. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Right, I got it. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Oh. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. I'll get it back to you, alright? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Good morning, Mom.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Oh, what I meant to day was- What?

Yeah, where does he live? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Right. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Mom, is that you? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Where were we. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

What's with the life preserver? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Good morning. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Lorraine, are you up there?

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Take care. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Marty, such a nice name. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. I said the keys are in here. Are those my clocks I hear?

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. McFly. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Right. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. George: you ever think of running for class president? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Get your meat hooks off of me. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Well, they're bigger than me. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Ohh, no.

Precisely. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Who is that guy. And where's my reports?

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Did you hurt your head? Hello, Jennifer. Shit.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Marty, you made it. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Yeah okay. What was it, George, bird watching?

What did I just say? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Don't tell me anything. Oh. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

George. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Well gee, I don't know. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Let's go. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Um, well it's a delorean, right? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Huh? Precisely. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Oh, yeah, yeah. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Well, I figured, what the hell. That's good advice, Marty. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Yeah, sure, okay. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. God dammit, I'm late.

Lorraine. Thanks a lot, kid. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Okay.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. You do? Ronald Reagon.

The keys are in the trunk. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Hello. Hi. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? You okay, is everything alright? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. No, bastards.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. You do? Ah. Whoa.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. That's for messing up my hair. George.

Jennifer. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Aw yeah, everything is great. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. You got a permit for that?

Right. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? I followed you. Right, I got it. Actually, people call me Marty.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Hi, Marty. Doc. Scram, McFly.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. What was it, George, bird watching?

Who's are these? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Doc. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Yeah, exactly.

Perfect, just perfect. Who, who? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Yeah, sure, okay. Who, who?

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Damn. I'm late for school. Your, your right. Marty you gotta come back with me. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Take care. The keys are in the trunk. Will you take care of that? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Maybe you were adopted. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Excuse me. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Sit here, Marty.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Right, and where am I gonna be? Yet. Never? What's a rerun?

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Oh. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- You'll find out in thirty years. George.

No, bastards. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Its good.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Yoo. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Right.

You too. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Ah. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Now Biff, don't con me. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Who? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. No.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. McFly. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Perfect, just perfect.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Yeah, it's in the back. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Your, your right. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. No. That's good advice, Marty. Leave me alone.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. What about George? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Marty, why are you so nervous?

He's alright. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Thanks. This sounds pretty heavy. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Where were we. Marty, why are you so nervous? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Well, Biff. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Oh. Whoa, this is heavy. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. What the hell is a gigawatt? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? I just wanna use the phone. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Well, this is a radiation suit.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Marty, that was very interesting music. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. C'mon, c'mon. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Calvin.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Biff. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Ahh.

Doc, is that a de- I said the keys are in here. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. I guarantee it. Stop it.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Do you mind if we park for a while? Where?

Do you mind if we park for a while? Stop it. Shit. And where's my reports? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Uh, I think so. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Crazy drunk drivers. Watch it, Goldie. Right.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? What about George? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Sit here, Marty.

Uh, yeah. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. How about a ride, Mister? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Its good. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Yeah, sure, okay. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- What, what, ma?

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. You okay, is everything alright? You know what I do in those situations? George: you ever think of running for class president?

Let's put him in there. Actually, people call me Marty. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Your, your right. Precisely.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Good morning. Right. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Excuse me. That's right. Okay. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. The keys are in the trunk. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Is she pretty? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Mom, Dad. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Hi. C'mon, c'mon let's go. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Whoa, wait, Doc. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Unroll their fire. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Get your meat hooks off of me. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. No, bastards. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Well, I guess that's everything. Don't say a word. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Really. Why not?

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Stop it.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Ahh.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Jesus, you smoke too? The flux capacitor. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Excuse me.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Who, who? Stop it.

Crazy drunk drivers. C'mon. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Who, who? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. I can't play.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Where does he come from? I'll get it back to you, alright? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? McFly. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Oh. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

What Lorraine, what? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Well, they're bigger than me. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Science Fiction Theater. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. I've gotta go. Watch it, Goldie. Let's put him in there.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Doc? Where? Don't say a word. No. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Where does he come from? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. This sounds pretty heavy.

Ronald Reagon. Ahh. What, I don't get what happened. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. What a nightmare. You'll find out.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Mom, is that you? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. What the hell is this?

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Children. Stop it. Erased from existence.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Why do you keep following me around? Doc. Whoa, whoa, okay. No.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. What? Oh. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. And where's my reports?

You bet. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Uh, well, I gotta go.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. You got a permit for that? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Well, Biff.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

What? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Oh, yeah, yeah. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Hello. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Let's go. I said the keys are in here.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. You'll find out in thirty years. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Uh, yeah. Science Fiction Theater. Jesus. Yeah. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Thanks a lot, kid. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. That's right. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. No, bastards. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Why do you keep following me around? Working. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Doc, is that a de-

Nothing's coming to my mind. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. What? Well gee, I don't know.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Lorraine, are you up there? Marty, why are you so nervous? Scram, McFly. Ohh, no.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Ahh. Ahh. What did I just say? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

What, I don't get what happened. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. I have to tell you about the future. Yet.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

Well, they're bigger than me. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Who do you think, the Libyans.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Ah well, sort of. Thanks a lot, kid. Well, they're bigger than me. What about George?

Marty you gotta come back with me. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. What a nightmare. Which one's your pop? Huh?

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Get your meat hooks off of me. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Stop it. Next, please.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Let's go. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Wrecked? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. It's my dad. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

You do? I guarantee it. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. No. Why not?

Marty, you made it. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. No. Ahh. Actually, people call me Marty.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Ahh. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Yeah, sure, okay. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

this has gotta be a dream. Stop it. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Where does he come from? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Uh? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? I think we need a rematch. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Lorenzo, where're you keys? We all make mistakes in life, children You'll find out. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Doc? What's the meaning of this. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Uh, coast guard. Just finishing up the second coat now. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Doc, is that a de- His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Stop it. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Perfect, just perfect. No, Doc. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Uh, yeah. Aw yeah, everything is great. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Leave me alone.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? This sounds pretty heavy. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

I don't wanna see you in here again. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Marty. Marty. Marty. Breakfast. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. What about George?

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Huh?

That ain't no airplane, look. He's a very strange young man. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Thanks a lot, kid.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. I hope so. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Thanks a lot, kid. Oh yes sir. Marty, such a nice name. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Doc. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. He's an absolute dream. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Let's get him. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

What's a rerun? What did you say? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Scram, McFly.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Your, your right. Yet. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Why not? Keys?

Well uh, good, fine. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Ronald Reagon.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Doc.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Marty, such a nice name. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Yeah. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Now Biff, don't con me. Well, this is a radiation suit. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Shit. And where's my reports? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Alright, punk, now-

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Okay, but I don't know what to say. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Yeah. Breakfast.

Shit. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Who is that guy. Stop it.

Jesus. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. No, not yet.

About how far ahead are you going? The keys are in the trunk. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Hey. I can't play. Doc, you gotta help- Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. That's for messing up my hair. No. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Save the clock tower.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Yeah. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Shit. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Yeah, it's 8:00. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Doc.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Who? I have to tell you about the future. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

The storm. Go. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Uh, look me up when you get there. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Without any sugar. Whoa, this is heavy. What? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Yeah, sure, okay. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Yeah, he's right here. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Save the clock tower. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Precisely.

Thanks, thanks a lot. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. He's your brother, Mom. Jesus, you smoke too?

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? You bet. That's for messing up my hair. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Ahh. And he could sleep in my room. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? McFly.

Don't tell me anything. What did you say? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Mom, Dad. What a nightmare. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Right about here.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Let's put him in there. McFly.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Is she pretty? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. That ain't no airplane, look.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Yoo. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Uh, I think so. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. I hope so. I can't play. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Where the hell are they. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? I'll call you tonight. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

C'mon, c'mon. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Right, I got it. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Who's are these? Who do you think, the Libyans. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Unroll their fire. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. You okay, is everything alright? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Marty, that was very interesting music. Right. Good morning.

You too. Marty, such a nice name. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Uh, well, I gotta go. Never?

Nothing's coming to my mind. You too. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? That's for messing up my hair.

Aw yeah, everything is great. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Did you hurt your head?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Yeah, it's in the back. This is for all you lovers out there. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Marty, is that you?

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Marty, will we ever see you again? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Ahh. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. The hell you doing to my car? Well, this is a radiation suit.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. God dammit, I'm late. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Aw yeah, everything is great. The keys are in the trunk. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Which one's your pop? I guarantee it.

What? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Uh, coast guard. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Jesus. The keys are in the trunk. About how far ahead are you going?

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Ah, where're my pants? Let's get him. You too.

Wrecked? Excuse me. Uh, look me up when you get there. Yet. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Wait a minute. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Leave me alone. No, not yet. That's George McFly. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Actually, people call me Marty. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Right, and where am I gonna be? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Damn. I'm late for school.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Really. I hope so. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? What's with the life preserver? I'm gonna ram him. Why not?

Hi. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. I followed you. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Okay. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Okay. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. You okay, is everything alright? Why not? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Oh, what I meant to day was- Calvin. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Well gee, I don't know. I'll call you tonight. I have to tell you about the future. Ronald Reagon.

That's for messing up my hair. Alright, I'm ready. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. George. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Oh. You too. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. That ain't no airplane, look. Yeah. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Uh, look me up when you get there. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Go. Go. It's a board with wheels. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Doc, is that a de- Hello. Mom, Dad. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. How about a ride, Mister? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Erased from existence. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Hello. Alright, we're the pinheads. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. George. Yeah okay. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Ohh, no. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. You do?

Ahh. Will you take care of that? Ahh. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Weight has nothing to do with it. No, Doc. Okay Doc, this is it. What did I just say?

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. No, Doc. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Don't tell me anything. Wrecked? When did this happen and- There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Okay. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Who, who? I think I know exactly what you mean.

The flux capacitor. Right, and where am I gonna be? Perfect, just perfect. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? No, bastards. Get your meat hooks off of me. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

What, what, ma? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. He's alright. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Ah, honey, your first novel. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Let's go. Huh?

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? He's your brother, Mom. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Yeah, well history is gonna change.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. He's an absolute dream. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I haven't

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Science Fiction Theater. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

Well uh, good, fine. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Take care. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

I guarantee it. Who are you? What did you say? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. What?

Is she pretty? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Ah, honey, your first novel.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. What did you say?

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Go. Go. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Mom, Dad. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Take care. No, not yet. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. I'll call you tonight. Doc.

Yeah, who are you? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Huh?

What Lorraine, what? No, not yet. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Precisely. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

Shit. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. We do now.

Working. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Watch it, Goldie. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? I have to tell you about the future. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Uncle Jailbird Joey? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Wait a minute. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. I followed you. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Who are you?

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Huh? I'll call you tonight. Well gee, I don't know. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. That's good advice, Marty. Biff.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Let's go. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. It's about the future, isn't it?

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Ahh. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. You got a permit for that? That's for messing up my hair. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Mom, Dad. What, what? Alright, punk, now-

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Well, I guess that's everything. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Actually, people call me Marty. Well, I guess that's everything.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Okay. Ahh. Ahh. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Its good. Stop it. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Look, you gotta listen to me. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? How's your head? Ah, honey, your first novel. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Let's put him in there.

What's with the life preserver? Uh, I think so. Doc, she didn't even look at him. The future, it's where you're going? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. You're gonna be in the car with her. Alright, we're the pinheads.

Why not? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Yeah, he's right here. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. What Lorraine, what?

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Well, she's not doing a very good job. What? Doc, she didn't even look at him.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. What did I just say? McFly. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Marty, that was very interesting music.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Because, you might regret it later in life. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Working. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Are you okay? I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Shit. God dammit, I'm late. C'mon, c'mon.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc No. Crazy drunk drivers. Yoo. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Ahh. Ahh. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Flux capacitor. Will you take care of that? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Whoa, whoa, okay. No. Its good. Huh? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

No. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. It's about the future, isn't it? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? C'mon.

Wait a minute. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. That's a big bruise you have there.

You too. Yeah. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Really. Huh?

That's him. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Are those my clocks I hear? Where does he come from? Crazy drunk drivers.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Uh, Doc. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? I will.

Good morning. I'll get it back to you, alright? That's for messing up my hair. Marty, you made it. Don't say a word.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. C'mon, c'mon. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Really.

Wrecked? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Oh. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Yeah, it's in the back. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I can't play. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. What? C'mon. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

And where's my reports? Hello, Jennifer. Hey. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. I think we need a rematch.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Lorenzo, where're you keys? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? The storm. Uh, Doc. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

And where's my reports? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Ahh. Ahh.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? this has gotta be a dream. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Just finishing up the second coat now. Biff. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Yeah, he's right here.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. How about a ride, Mister? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Because, you might regret it later in life.

Working. He's a very strange young man. What, well you mean like a date? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Next, please. Yeah. No. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Oh.

Calvin. Go. Go. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Because, you might regret it later in life.

That's right. I think I know exactly what you mean. What did I just say? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh. Lorraine. That's George McFly.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Nothing's coming to my mind. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Ronald Reagon. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Doc, you gotta help- Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

McFly. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Without any sugar. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Doc. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Oh yes sir. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Where were we. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

I, I don't know. You're George McFly. Looks like a airplane, without wings. C'mon. What did I just say?

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Thanks a lot, kid. Yeah, he's right here. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Uh? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Nothing's coming to my mind.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. C'mon. I guarantee it. Well, I guess that's everything. Marty. Marty. Marty.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Right. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Wrecked? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh, what I meant to day was- Hello. Stop it.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Go. Go. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Stop it. You know what I do in those situations? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Well gee, I don't know. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. The storm. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Your, your right.

How's your head? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. McFly. Right.

Thanks a lot, kid. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

What Lorraine, what? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Flux capacitor. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Yeah.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Why do you keep following me around? Yeah, well history is gonna change. Wrecked? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Are you gonna order something, kid? This is for all you lovers out there. Well uh, good, fine. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? No, bastards. You got a permit for that? Hello, Jennifer.

And where's my reports? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. About how far ahead are you going? Uh, I think so.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Oh. Hi, Marty. That's right. I have a feeling too.

What's with the life preserver? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Shit. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Okay. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Oh. Keys? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Huh? Did you hurt your head? Well, I figured, what the hell. I think I know exactly what you mean. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Without any sugar. Which one's your pop? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Scram, McFly.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? About how far ahead are you going? Doc. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. C'mon, c'mon. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Yeah. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Marty, are you alright?

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Perfect, just perfect. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Next, please. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Marty, why are you so nervous? That's a big bruise you have there.

Thanks a lot, kid. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Damn. I'm late for school. Ah, honey, your first novel. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

What? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Actually, people call me Marty. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Right about here. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hi, Marty.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Right check, Doc. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

Let's get him. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... What? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Okay Doc, this is it.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Don't say a word. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Stop it. Ah well, sort of.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. George. You too. Actually, people call me Marty. Ohh, no.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Get your meat hooks off of me. Is she pretty? Actually, people call me Marty. What, what?

Uh, I think so. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Well uh, good, fine. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Really. Are you okay? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. What a nightmare. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. About how far ahead are you going?

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Calvin. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Weight has nothing to do with it. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. He's a very strange young man.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Calvin. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Thank you. In about thirty years.

McFly. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Now Biff, don't con me.

Well, I guess that's everything. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- I'll get it back to you, alright? Oh.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Is she pretty?

You're George McFly. It's about the future, isn't it? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. This is for all you lovers out there. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Never? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

What, I don't get what happened. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Let's get him. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Yeah, it's 8:00. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Alright, we're the pinheads. Ohh, no. Watch it, Goldie.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Next, please. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Right, and where am I gonna be? That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Doc.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Mom, Dad. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Doc, is that a de- Huh?

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Excuse me. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Never mind that now, never mind that now. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Watch it, Goldie.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Sit here, Marty. Who's are these? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

This is for all you lovers out there. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Wow, you must be rich. Let's get him. Stop it.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Go. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Keys?

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Who do you think, the Libyans. Excuse me. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. You bet. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Go. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Because, you might regret it later in life. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? C'mon, c'mon.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Yeah okay. I have a feeling too. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. I think I know exactly what you mean. Why not? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Why do you keep following me around?

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Stop it.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Shit. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Huh? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Jennifer.

What, what? I have to tell you about the future. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. That's George McFly? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Yoo.

Yeah, it's 8:00. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Why not? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Ronald Reagon. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Let's go. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Ahh. Ahh. What's with the life preserver? Oh yes sir. I think we need a rematch.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Right, I got it. Ahh. Ahh. Where? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

You okay, is everything alright? I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Leave her alone, you bastard. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Will you take care of that? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- I said the keys are in here. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Perfect, just perfect. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Marty you gotta come back with me. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Uh, Doc. Uh, coast guard. C'mon. C'mon, c'mon.

What, well you mean like a date? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Never mind that now, never mind that now. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Quiet. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Right about here. I have a feeling too. Right. Holy shit.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. George: you ever think of running for class president? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Okay Doc, this is it. Hello. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? What about George? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Jesus. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Whoa, this is heavy. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Marty you gotta come back with me.

What about George? Uh, look me up when you get there. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Biff.

What's the meaning of this. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Alright, I'm ready.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Mom, Dad. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Without any sugar. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Back to the future. You're George McFly. I don't wanna see you in here again. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. I hope so.

Let's go. Listen, Doc. No, Biff, you leave her alone. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Why not? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Right, and where am I gonna be? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Where? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Doc. What, what is it hot? That ain't no airplane, look.

Well gee, I don't know. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? I think I know exactly what you mean. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Marty, such a nice name. Say that again. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? What you got under here? Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Right about here. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Hey boy, are you alright? Um, well it's a delorean, right? Mom, Dad. Nothing's coming to my mind. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. What about George? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Calvin. Right.

Shit. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. God dammit, I'm late. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

What? Oh, what I meant to day was- C'mon. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Marty, are you alright? Actually, people call me Marty.

Say that again. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Yeah, well history is gonna change. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Ah. Whoa. I have to tell you about the future. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Hello.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. It's a board with wheels.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Science Fiction Theater. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Huh? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Well uh, good, fine. Don't say a word. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Alright, punk, now-

Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well uh, good, fine. George. George.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Whoa, this is heavy. What a nightmare. Marty you gotta come back with me. Okay Doc, this is it.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Good morning, Mom. Who is that guy. Lorraine.

Right. No, bastards. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Whoa, whoa, okay. Is she pretty?

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Look, you gotta listen to me. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Huh? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

What's a rerun? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. And where's my reports?

Crazy drunk drivers. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. What a nightmare. He's your brother, Mom. Thanks a lot, kid.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? That's for messing up my hair. That ain't no airplane, look. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Really.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Right. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Yeah, where does he live?

Wrecked? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Well gee, I don't know. Huh?

Ah, honey, your first novel. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Mom, Dad. How's your head? Oh, what I meant to day was-

Oh. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Yeah. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Huh?

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Excuse me. Okay, but I don't know what to say. That's him. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

I have to tell you about the future. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Yeah. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Yeah, who are you? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I just wanna use the phone. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Listen, Doc. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Marty, are you alright? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

What's with the life preserver? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Yeah, exactly. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Doc? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Oh yes sir. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Bet your ass it works. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? The flux capacitor.

You'll find out. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. No, why, what's a matter? Hi. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. What you got under here?

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Oh. What? I'll get it back to you, alright? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Right. This sounds pretty heavy. Well, I guess that's everything. He's an absolute dream. Excuse me.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Ronald Reagon.

Jesus, you smoke too? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Uh, coast guard. Let's get him. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Perfect, just perfect. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

We do now. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Save the clock tower. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Well gee, I don't know. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Who, who? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Are those my clocks I hear?

Huh? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. You too.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Let's put him in there.

Well, I guess that's everything. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Take care. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Well uh, good, fine.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Never? The future, it's where you're going? Yeah, it's in the back.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Yeah. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Lorraine. That's George McFly. Why is she gonna get angry with you? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Say that again. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Yeah, it's 8:00. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Well gee, I don't know.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Will you take care of that? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Marty, that was very interesting music. Ronald Reagon.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Okay, but I don't know what to say. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. I just wanna use the phone. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Hey boy, are you alright? Yeah, it's in the back. Just finishing up the second coat now. Yeah, sure, okay.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. No. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Yeah, sure, okay. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? The storm. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Ah, where're my pants? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Doc. Whoa, wait, Doc. Maybe you were adopted. Right, I got it. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- What the hell is a gigawatt? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Excuse me. Well uh, good, fine. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Marty, such a nice name. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Are you okay?

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Damn. I'm late for school. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. No.

Uh, I think so. You okay, is everything alright? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Did you hurt your head?

I'm gonna ram him. Your, your right. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Marty, are you alright? And where's my reports? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? She's just trying to keep you respectable.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Unroll their fire. No, why, what's a matter? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Look, you gotta listen to me. You're gonna be in the car with her. Okay, but I don't know what to say. It's a board with wheels. Where?

Looks like a airplane, without wings. This is for all you lovers out there. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Who are you? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. I can't play. Ahh.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. What a nightmare. Doc. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

How's your head? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Hi. Doc.

Yoo. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? No, why, what's a matter?

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Are you gonna order something, kid? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Yeah, he's right here. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Ah, honey, your first novel. Watch it, Goldie. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Well, I figured, what the hell. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Oh, what I meant to day was- Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. What the hell is this? It's about the future, isn't it? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Ah. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Hi. George. George. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? What's a rerun? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Erased from existence. Excuse me. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Right. Actually, people call me Marty.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. You got a permit for that? What did you say? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? We all make mistakes in life, children this has gotta be a dream. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

Ahh. What, what? Take care. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? What's a rerun?

Why not? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Yeah, well history is gonna change. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Get your meat hooks off of me. What?

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Yet. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Perfect, just perfect. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. What a nightmare.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Oh, what I meant to day was- Wrecked? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. About how far ahead are you going?

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. No, not yet. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Hey. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Why am I always the last one to know about these things. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Uh, I think so. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. That's him. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

What did I just say? Ah well, sort of. Ah, where're my pants? I followed you. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Yeah, sure, okay. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Science Fiction Theater. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Oh, yeah, yeah.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Its good. We do now.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Uh, look me up when you get there. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Wait a minute. Leave me alone.

Science Fiction Theater. Doc, is that a de- We never would have fallen in love. The keys are in the trunk. Uh, look me up when you get there.

I'll call you tonight. Watch it, Goldie. C'mon. Hello. What, I don't get what happened.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. That's good advice, Marty. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

No. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- What's the meaning of this. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Excuse me.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Hi, Marty. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Uh, Doc.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Stop it. You're George McFly. Let's put him in there.

Unroll their fire. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? What, what, ma? C'mon. Sit here, Marty.

Back to the future. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Yeah. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

I don't wanna see you in here again. George, help me, please. What was it, George, bird watching? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? He's alright.

Doc. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Mom, is that you? Doc, is that a de-

You do? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Lorenzo, where're you keys?

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. I have a feeling too. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Maybe you were adopted.

The flux capacitor. Right. I just wanna use the phone. Yeah okay. Ahh.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. I followed you. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. I will.

Marty, are you alright? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Excuse me. What Lorraine, what? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? C'mon, c'mon. Lorraine. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Breakfast.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Oh. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Shit. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? What a nightmare. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Huh? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. What's that thing he's on? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? C'mon.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Lorenzo, where're you keys? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Breakfast. What a nightmare. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Marty, why are you so nervous? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Marty, such a nice name.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Let's get him. Are you sure about this storm? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? I followed you. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Listen, Doc. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Yeah. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Leave her alone, you bastard. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. No, bastards. Wait a minute.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Actually, people call me Marty. What you got under here? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Uh, look me up when you get there. Huh? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

That's a big bruise you have there. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. this has gotta be a dream. Yeah, it's 8:00. Well, this is a radiation suit.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Hi. You're George McFly. I followed you. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Precisely. Where does he come from? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Where were we. That's good advice, Marty. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. No, Biff, you leave her alone. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? No. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Oh.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. The hell you doing to my car? Alright, I'm ready. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Right. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Ahh.

Yoo. Keys? Marty, you made it. Right. What did you say?

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Breakfast. What the hell is this? What did your mother ever see in that kid?

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

What? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. And where's my reports? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Look, you gotta listen to me. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Shit.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. I have a feeling too.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Yeah. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. I think we need a rematch. Nothing's coming to my mind.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Bet your ass it works. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Mom, Dad. Oh, what I meant to day was- I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Science Fiction Theater. Now Biff, don't con me. I'm gonna be at the dance. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Yoo. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Lorraine, are you up there? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Doc, you gotta help- Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Right, I got it.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yeah. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Excuse me.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. What, what, ma? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Doc. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Ronald Reagon. Ahh. Ahh. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

You know what I do in those situations? We do now. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. I think I know exactly what you mean. What you got under here?

Really. I will. Ahh. The future, it's where you're going? Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Mom, Dad. Right about here.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? It's about the future, isn't it? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Keys?

Alright, I'm ready. Yeah. You'll find out in thirty years. Jennifer. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. He's alright. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Weight has nothing to do with it. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Damn. I'm late for school.

What's the meaning of this. George. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

Yeah, it's 8:00. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Crazy drunk drivers.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Yeah okay. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. This sounds pretty heavy. Wrecked? Thanks, thanks a lot.

Science Fiction Theater. Working. What, what is it hot? Huh? Okay Doc, this is it.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Keys? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. We do now. Hey.

Yeah. George. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Marty, such a nice name. What? Next, please. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Actually, people call me Marty.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. We all make mistakes in life, children Thank you. In about thirty years. Where's Einstein, is he with you? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Right. That's right. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

I have to tell you about the future. Yeah, I think maybe you do. That's him. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Yeah okay.

What about George? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Uh, coast guard. Well gee, I don't know. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Whoa, this is heavy.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Are you okay? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. George, help me, please. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Lorenzo, where're you keys? George. George.

Wrecked? Because, you might regret it later in life. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Marty, are you alright? Next, please.

Save the clock tower. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Hey boy, are you alright? Let's put him in there.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Well gee, I don't know. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Uh, yeah. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. What you got under here? Thank you. In about thirty years.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Its good. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Flux capacitor. Science Fiction Theater.

Doc, you gotta help- Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Uh, coast guard.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Where? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Okay, but I don't know what to say. Ah. Where does he come from? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Weight has nothing to do with it. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Okay. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. No, Doc. You'll find out in thirty years. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Yeah. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Say that again.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Really. Yeah. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Marty, you made it.

I think we need a rematch. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. That's for messing up my hair. Watch it, Goldie. Uh, Doc.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Doc?

What? Good morning, Mom. Excuse me. Shit. Nothing's coming to my mind.

I will. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. It's a board with wheels. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. What's going on? Where have you been all week? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Damn. I'm late for school. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Where?

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. I haven't His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? The hell you doing to my car? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Yeah.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? How about a ride, Mister? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. C'mon. I haven't Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo You do?

Uh, well, I gotta go. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Ahh. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. That's right. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. George.

Uh? Marty, are you alright? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. It's my dad. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

We all make mistakes in life, children Hey boy, are you alright? Who is that guy. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Good morning, Mom. Oh. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Well, they're bigger than me. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Precisely. Biff. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

What was it, George, bird watching? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Let's go. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. That's good advice, Marty. Crazy drunk drivers. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Well uh, good, fine. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. The future, it's where you're going?

Well gee, I don't know. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Well, this is a radiation suit. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. The keys are in the trunk. What's with the life preserver? McFly. Yeah.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Who, who?

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Wait a minute. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Crazy drunk drivers. Yeah, he's right here. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Working.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? What Lorraine, what? Jesus. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Watch it, Goldie.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Calvin. I'll get it back to you, alright? Do you mind if we park for a while? Thanks.

Maybe you were adopted. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. That's good advice, Marty. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Who's are these? You know what I do in those situations? Where does he come from? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. I'll call you tonight. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Uh, Doc. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Go. Go. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Why not? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Yeah, he's right here. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. I will. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Right. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. C'mon, c'mon. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Maybe you were adopted.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Watch it, Goldie. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Marty, is that you?

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Ah. Whoa. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Yeah okay.

C'mon. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Stop it. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Stop it. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda I said the keys are in here. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. What the hell is a gigawatt? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. That's him.

Huh? Get your meat hooks off of me. Ahh. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Um, well it's a delorean, right? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Just finishing up the second coat now. Ahh. Ahh. Good morning. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? C'mon, c'mon.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Lorraine. What? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Why not? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Hello, Jennifer. Unroll their fire. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

What the hell is a gigawatt? Okay. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. That's George McFly? McFly.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Excuse me. You're gonna be in the car with her. What, what, ma? Erased from existence.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Get your meat hooks off of me. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. What?

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Um, well it's a delorean, right? That's good advice, Marty. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- George: you ever think of running for class president? That's George McFly. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Doc, you gotta help- Sit here, Marty. McFly. It's about the future, isn't it? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Oh. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Doc. Shit. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Lorraine. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. I said the keys are in here. Ah, where're my pants? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. That's for messing up my hair. I have a feeling too. What? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Doc. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. What was it, George, bird watching? Get your meat hooks off of me.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Yeah. Yeah, who are you? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Huh? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Holy shit. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

He's your brother, Mom. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Marty, that was very interesting music. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. No, bastards.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Who? I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Mom, is that you? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Uh, Doc. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

McFly. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Oh.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Stop it. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Marty, will we ever see you again? Marty, you made it.

Let's put him in there. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Well, I guess that's everything.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Who are you?

You bet. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? What did you say? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Doc, you gotta help- The hell you doing to my car? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Hi. He's an absolute dream. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Where were we. Yeah, exactly. Leave her alone, you bastard. C'mon, c'mon.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- What, what? Thanks a lot, kid. Never? Why not?

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Ahh.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Leave me alone. McFly. God dammit, I'm late. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Biff. That's right. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Marty, will we ever see you again? C'mon.

It's my dad. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Oh yes sir. Scram, McFly. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Where were we. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Is she pretty? Science Fiction Theater. Biff. Don't tell me anything. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Where does he come from? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Thanks, thanks a lot. Precisely.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Hello. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Hi. He's an absolute dream. Uh, look me up when you get there.

George. George. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Mom, is that you?

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. The hell you doing to my car? Uh, yeah. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Hello, Jennifer. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

You're George McFly. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? I will.

Thanks a lot, kid. No, bastards. Marty you gotta come back with me. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Well, Biff.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Nothing's coming to my mind. Are you sure about this storm? What about George? Biff.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. I think I know exactly what you mean. Yeah. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. What, what, ma? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

He's alright. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. You'll find out in thirty years. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Well, I guess that's everything.

Precisely. Ahh. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Right, I got it. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Let's go. Marty, why are you so nervous? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Huh? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. What's with the life preserver? Who are you? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Hey. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Marty, you made it. Biff.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? What's going on? Where have you been all week? Jennifer. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? I followed you.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Biff. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Doc. What about George? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Will you take care of that? That's George McFly? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Wrecked?

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Uh, coast guard. Okay. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Calvin.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

You too. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Oh yes sir. That's a big bruise you have there. George. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Right. You know what I do in those situations? We do now.

Ah well, sort of. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Ahh. Ahh.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

Damn. I'm late for school. The keys are in the trunk. Where the hell are they. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Did you hurt your head?

Children. C'mon. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Doc, you gotta help-

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. I guarantee it. Huh? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

This is for all you lovers out there. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Jesus. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Let's go.

Okay. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Holy shit. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. I think we need a rematch.

George. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Ahh. You don't understand. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Marty, that was very interesting music. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Mom, Dad.

Why do you keep following me around? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? George: you ever think of running for class president?

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? This is for all you lovers out there. I have a feeling too. The hell you doing to my car?

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Oh. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. What? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Ohh, no.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Marty, that was very interesting music. Working. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Yeah okay. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

What, what is it hot? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? What? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Mom, is that you?

Well, this is a radiation suit. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Marty, such a nice name.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Right. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Say that again.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? What? You got a permit for that? Weight has nothing to do with it. Ah. Whoa.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Alright, punk, now- Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. No.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Who are you? Shit. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Marty, will we ever see you again? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? I have to tell you about the future. Stop it. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. You don't understand. Lorraine, are you up there? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Precisely. What did you say? I have a feeling too.

Scram, McFly. Marty, are you alright? Ah, where're my pants? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Holy shit. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I think we need a rematch. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Right.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Excuse me. Alright, punk, now- Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Huh? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. George. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. The storm.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Hey boy, are you alright? No, Biff, you leave her alone. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Why do you keep following me around? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Marty, why are you so nervous? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. How about a ride, Mister?

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Hi, Marty. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Whoa, this is heavy.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Uh, coast guard. Right. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

What's the meaning of this. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Ah well, sort of. Wow, you must be rich.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Ah, honey, your first novel. Yeah, who are you?

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Shit. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Who do you think, the Libyans. Precisely. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Hi. Yeah, exactly. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. What, what, ma?

Ohh, no. I followed you. Stop it. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. The hell you doing to my car? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Huh? You do? Marty, is that you? Yeah. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. That's good advice, Marty. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Ah well, sort of.

Really. Ahh. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Watch it, Goldie.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. No, not yet. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Precisely.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Mom, is that you? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Marty, is that you? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. I'll get it back to you, alright? Excuse me. The storm.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Alright, punk, now- What the hell is a gigawatt? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Right.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Okay, but I don't know what to say. Well uh, good, fine. Scram, McFly. Marty, are you alright?

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. What did your mother ever see in that kid? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

Are you sure about this storm? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Shit.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Okay. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Calvin. Precisely.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? I followed you. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Good morning.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Thanks. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Oh, what I meant to day was- You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Where were we.

What? What the hell is a gigawatt? Are those my clocks I hear? Good morning. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Marty, why are you so nervous? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. You're gonna be in the car with her. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Flux capacitor. No, Doc. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. I'll get it back to you, alright? Nothing.

Are you okay? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? It's about the future, isn't it? I can't play. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Yeah, exactly. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Uh, look me up when you get there. What?

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Uh, well, I gotta go. What, what? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I think I know exactly what you mean. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Ah. Whoa. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. You know what I do in those situations?

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Go. Go. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Uh, yeah. You're gonna be in the car with her. Flux capacitor.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Oh. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Marty, why are you so nervous? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Why do you keep following me around? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Oh. Marty you gotta come back with me.

Jennifer. What, what? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. I guarantee it.

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Stop it. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. I will. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Um, well it's a delorean, right? Wait a minute.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Marty, is that you? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? That ain't no airplane, look. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

He's alright. That's George McFly? He's alright. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. C'mon, c'mon. What? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Thanks, thanks a lot. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Hello. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. About how far ahead are you going? It's about the future, isn't it? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Excuse me. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. What Lorraine, what?

Yeah, well history is gonna change. And he could sleep in my room. Hello. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Jesus.

Doc? That's right. Yeah, who are you? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Let's put him in there.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. I just wanna use the phone. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Oh. That's for messing up my hair. Ah, honey, your first novel.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. I think we need a rematch. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. What, well you mean like a date? We never would have fallen in love.

That's right. Yeah. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Uh, I think so. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Damn. I'm late for school. Hello.

The future, it's where you're going? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? The hell you doing to my car? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. C'mon.

Save the clock tower. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. It's about the future, isn't it? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

Are you okay? Oh. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

Yeah, it's 8:00. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Ohh, no. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. That's right. Let's put him in there. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. No. Alright, punk, now-

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

I'm gonna ram him. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yeah, it's 8:00. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Huh? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Ronald Reagon. He's a very strange young man.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Who? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Well, I figured, what the hell. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Right. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

What did I just say? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Ronald Reagon. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Right, I got it.

Go. Go. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Yeah, it's in the back. It's about the future, isn't it? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Stop it.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. He's your brother, Mom. Bet your ass it works. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Excuse me.

What, what is it hot? Who's are these? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Leave me alone. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Where does he come from? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Crazy drunk drivers. He's alright. And he could sleep in my room. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Do you mind if we park for a while? Yeah okay. Huh? George. George.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Leave me alone. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Uh?

Right. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? You don't understand. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Biff. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. That ain't no airplane, look.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Right. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. I will. We all make mistakes in life, children

Leave me alone. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. What Lorraine, what? What?

Aw yeah, everything is great. You bet. Let's go. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Right. Next, please. What the hell is this? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

What's the meaning of this. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Ah. Whoa. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Yeah. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Wow, you must be rich.

Doc. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

No. No. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Hi. And he could sleep in my room.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. What did I just say? Lorenzo, where're you keys? Ah, honey, your first novel. Marty, is that you?

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. What a nightmare. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Hey boy, are you alright?

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Yeah, sure, okay. Just finishing up the second coat now. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. What?

The storm. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Jennifer. What, well you mean like a date? Biff.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Hello. Mom, is that you?

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Yeah, where does he live? Alright, I'm ready. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

He's your brother, Mom. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Yet. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Perfect, just perfect.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. That's for messing up my hair. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Who? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? I haven't

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Yeah. Nothing.

Oh. Crazy drunk drivers. Jesus. Wait a minute. Go.

What about George? What did I just say? Jesus. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Hello. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Uh, I think so. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. You have this thing hooked up to the car? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Uh, coast guard.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... This is for all you lovers out there.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

What about George? Biff. Yeah, it's in the back. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

No. Perfect, just perfect. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. The future, it's where you're going?

You're gonna be in the car with her. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Well uh, good, fine. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What a nightmare.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Whoa, this is heavy. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Hello.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Doc?

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Whoa, wait, Doc. What? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Marty, are you alright?

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

Precisely. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. I followed you. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Yeah.

Yeah. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. He's a very strange young man. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Are you okay? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. I followed you. Watch it, Goldie. Marty you gotta come back with me.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Keys? I, I don't know.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Hey. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Yeah. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. C'mon. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. You're George McFly. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. We do now.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Oh. Yet.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Yeah, I think maybe you do. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Marty, are you alright?

Watch it, Goldie. Ah well, sort of. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Okay.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? He's an absolute dream. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Shit. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Lorraine. Looks like a airplane, without wings. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Biff.

The hell you doing to my car? Lorraine, are you up there? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Science Fiction Theater.

What a nightmare. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Okay, but I don't know what to say. Crazy drunk drivers. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Ah, honey, your first novel. Doc, you gotta help- Uh, yeah. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Thank you. In about thirty years.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? He's alright. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

I have to tell you about the future. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. You know what I do in those situations? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Ahh. Ahh. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. You do? Because, you might regret it later in life. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Ah. Whoa. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Marty you gotta come back with me.

Flux capacitor. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Yeah, he's right here. Doc, you gotta help- You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Right. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Hello. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Where were we. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. What? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

That's a big bruise you have there. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Precisely.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Uh? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. What did you say?

Whoa, this is heavy. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Well, Biff. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. I can't play.

Oh. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Ahh. Ahh. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Nothing's coming to my mind.

George. George. He's an absolute dream. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Well, I guess that's everything. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. That's George McFly. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Ahh.

Yeah. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? What? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Doc. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Lorraine. Right, and where am I gonna be? Whoa, this is heavy. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Uh, coast guard. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Don't tell me anything. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. How about a ride, Mister? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Stop it. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Huh? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- What did you say?

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Who is that guy. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Who do you think, the Libyans. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Huh? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Why is she gonna get angry with you? George.

Unroll their fire. Yoo. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Alright, punk, now-

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

What the hell is this? I hope so. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Um, well it's a delorean, right? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

We all make mistakes in life, children Yeah okay. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. I think we need a rematch. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Ahh. Actually, people call me Marty. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Yeah.

What Lorraine, what? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. What a nightmare. Marty, you made it.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Get your meat hooks off of me. McFly.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Who are you? Well, I figured, what the hell. Ahh. Take care.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. You know what I do in those situations? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Yeah, who are you? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Marty, is that you? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Right check, Doc.

What you got under here? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Uh?

That's good advice, Marty. What? What's with the life preserver? Working. No, not yet.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. I've gotta go. I, I don't know. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

I just wanna use the phone. What, well you mean like a date? That's George McFly. Doc. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

The flux capacitor. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? He's a peeping tom. Dad. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Ahh. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Ah. Whoa.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Never? Yeah. I haven't Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Unroll their fire. Where were we. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Huh?

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Ahh. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Scram, McFly.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Right check, Doc. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Working. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Go. Go. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. That ain't no airplane, look. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. I have to tell you about the future. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Jesus, you smoke too? No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Precisely. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Ohh, no. That's George McFly.

Right check, Doc. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. How's your head? Who? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

I, I don't know. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Doc. Right.

Now Biff, don't con me. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Take care. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Right about here. Where the hell are they. That's for messing up my hair. You got a permit for that?

Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Doc. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Hello. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

What? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. I haven't No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Uh, yeah.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. What Lorraine, what? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Thanks. Well, I guess that's everything. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Ahh. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

Huh? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

The future, it's where you're going? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Science Fiction Theater. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. He's alright. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

He's a very strange young man. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Uh, yeah. Stop it. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? What, well you mean like a date? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. I said the keys are in here. Yeah. I'm gonna be at the dance. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Science Fiction Theater. Listen, Doc. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Don't tell me anything. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

C'mon, c'mon. Ah. Whoa. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Erased from existence. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Yeah, he's right here. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Marty, that was very interesting music.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Precisely. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Wait a minute. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Bet your ass it works. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Where does he come from? George.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Don't say a word. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Oh. The hell you doing to my car? I just wanna use the phone. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. I, I don't know. I guarantee it. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Wait a minute. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Holy shit. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Ahh. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Go. Go.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Never? Well gee, I don't know. Wrecked? George. I hope so.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. He's alright. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Alright, punk, now- Wow, you must be rich. Marty. Marty. Marty.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Oh. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Its good. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Look, you gotta listen to me. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

Marty, are you alright? Doc. Yeah. Are those my clocks I hear? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

No. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. He's a very strange young man. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Hey. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Where the hell are they. Next, please. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

What? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Oh, yeah, yeah. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Whoa, this is heavy. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Ahh. He's your brother, Mom.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Well, this is a radiation suit. No.

Wait a minute. Hi, Marty. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Ahh. Ahh. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. We all make mistakes in life, children Sit here, Marty.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Excuse me. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? I guarantee it. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Why is she gonna get angry with you? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. What, what is it hot? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- That's George McFly.

Hi, Marty. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Mom, is that you? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Let's put him in there. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Right. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. What was it, George, bird watching? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. That's George McFly?

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Right check, Doc. Whoa, this is heavy.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Biff. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Uh, yeah. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. You do? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Get your meat hooks off of me. No, bastards. Hey. You don't understand. Okay.

Don't say a word. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. No, Doc.

We never would have fallen in love. What a nightmare. The storm. Doc. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Hey. Okay Doc, this is it. Jesus, you smoke too? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Listen, Doc.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Good morning, Mom. You bet. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

It's a board with wheels. He's a very strange young man. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Marty. Marty. Marty. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Science Fiction Theater.

That's him. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Are you gonna order something, kid? Right about here. You do?

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Okay Doc, this is it. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. C'mon. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. What did your mother ever see in that kid? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. What, what, ma?

What did your mother ever see in that kid? What, what? Doc. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Don't tell me anything. I think we need a rematch. Right. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Where? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Well, this is a radiation suit.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Huh? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Yeah.

I'll call you tonight. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. I followed you. Ah, honey, your first novel.

And where's my reports? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? That's for messing up my hair. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Whoa, this is heavy. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Yeah. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. I have a feeling too. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? What's going on? Where have you been all week? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Right. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Ah. Whoa.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. You bet. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Marty, you made it.

McFly. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. What's the meaning of this. Hello, Jennifer.

What a nightmare. I'm gonna ram him. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Lorraine. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

You do? You don't understand. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Marty, will we ever see you again? I think I know exactly what you mean. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Why not? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Thanks a lot, kid.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda You don't understand. Doc, she didn't even look at him. The keys are in the trunk.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Thanks a lot, kid.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. You're George McFly. What did you say? Precisely.

You bet. Huh? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Well, Biff.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Yeah, it's in the back. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. What?

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Erased from existence. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Hi, Marty. What?

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. We all make mistakes in life, children No, Biff, you leave her alone. Yeah, it's 8:00.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. What Lorraine, what? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Oh.

What a nightmare. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Say that again. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Where were we. Well, I figured, what the hell. Are you okay? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

What about George? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Okay Doc, this is it. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

Jesus. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Flux capacitor. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Keys? Sit here, Marty. You're George McFly. I'm gonna ram him. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Wrecked? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Doc.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I'm gonna be at the dance. Say that again. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Get your meat hooks off of me.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Do you mind if we park for a while?

What? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. And where's my reports? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

No. Doc. Right. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Huh?

Biff. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Ohh, no. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Go. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Never? You know what I do in those situations? No, not yet.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. You too. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Hi. Ah. Whoa. Ahh. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

That's him. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I'm gonna ram him. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? He's a peeping tom. Dad. Ahh. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. What? That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

I'll call you tonight. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. What, well you mean like a date? You'll find out in thirty years. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

It's a board with wheels. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Your, your right. Stop it.

What, what? Crazy drunk drivers. I, I don't know. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Ah, honey, your first novel.

God dammit, I'm late. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Well, I guess that's everything. Are those my clocks I hear?

Yeah. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Without any sugar. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Look, you gotta listen to me. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Where were we. Hi, Marty. Hey. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Ohh, no.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Thanks, thanks a lot. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Don't say a word.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Stop it.

The flux capacitor. Aw yeah, everything is great. Oh, yeah, yeah. Jesus, you smoke too? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Next, please. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Right. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

That's him. Doc. Ah, honey, your first novel. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Erased from existence. It's about the future, isn't it? Uh?

Well, Biff. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Take care. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. And he could sleep in my room.

Whoa, whoa, okay. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Well, this is a radiation suit. Marty, why are you so nervous? He's a peeping tom. Dad. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

Yoo. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. The future, it's where you're going? Because, you might regret it later in life. Whoa, this is heavy.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Bet your ass it works. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Perfect, just perfect. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

C'mon, c'mon. And he could sleep in my room. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Stop it. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

Good morning, Mom. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. No. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Excuse me. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Right, and where am I gonna be?

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Who, who? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Ahh. What you got under here? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. George. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

C'mon. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Science Fiction Theater. What? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Excuse me. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Did you hurt your head? I guarantee it. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Right.

Yeah. Yeah, exactly. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. What's with the life preserver? Actually, people call me Marty.

You too. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Hello. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

No, why, what's a matter? What, what is it hot? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Hello. Alright, we're the pinheads. What about George?

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. What Lorraine, what? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Hello, Jennifer. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

He's a very strange young man. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Hello.

This sounds pretty heavy. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. No. Uh, I think so. Say that again.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Weight has nothing to do with it. We do now. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Well uh, good, fine. Is she pretty? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. No, not yet. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Good morning, Mom.

Who is that guy. Working. No, why, what's a matter? Yeah, it's in the back. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Jesus. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. I can't play. No, bastards. Well uh, good, fine.

Crazy drunk drivers. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Unroll their fire.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Next, please. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Oh. Let's go. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Right. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. That's for messing up my hair. Good morning.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? Marty, are you alright? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Quiet.

You'll find out. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? We never would have fallen in love.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Are you okay? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Right. I hope so. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Marty you gotta come back with me.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Keys? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Well uh, good, fine. Doc, wait. No, bastards. We do now. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Go. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. I have to tell you about the future. George, help me, please. Ahh.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Biff. Right about here. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Lorraine, are you up there?

No, Doc. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. What's with the life preserver? Doc. Yeah.

Ah. Whoa. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Well, this is a radiation suit. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Jesus, you smoke too? Doc. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? What the hell is a gigawatt? Wrecked? Wrecked? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? George. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. this has gotta be a dream.

Damn. I'm late for school. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Maybe you were adopted. Are those my clocks I hear? You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Right, and where am I gonna be? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

That's right. Right. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Because, you might regret it later in life. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Children. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, who are you? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Thanks, thanks a lot. I, I don't know. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Thank you. In about thirty years. Its good.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? No, why, what's a matter? Excuse me.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Yeah. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. What, I don't get what happened. No, not yet. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Shit. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. No.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yoo. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? That ain't no airplane, look. It's my dad.

Uh, coast guard. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Right, I got it.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Alright, we're the pinheads. He's your brother, Mom.

You'll find out. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Uh, well, I gotta go.

Yeah, it's 8:00. Ronald Reagon. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Calvin. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Uh, coast guard. What Lorraine, what? George. George. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Thanks a lot, kid. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Right about here.

What's with the life preserver? Who, who? I will. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Well, this is a radiation suit. Marty, that was very interesting music.

What, I don't get what happened. Alright, I'm ready. Ohh, no. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? I followed you.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Ah, honey, your first novel. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

That's George McFly. You bet. Thanks. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Crazy drunk drivers. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

It's my dad. Keys? George. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Right, gimme a Pepsi free. We all make mistakes in life, children

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? That's him. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Ohh, no. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Mom, is that you?

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

What a nightmare. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Uh, I think so. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Let's get him. Listen, Doc. this has gotta be a dream. Well, I figured, what the hell. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Go. Go. Good morning. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

You'll find out in thirty years. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Get your meat hooks off of me. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Who? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

That's George McFly? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Are you gonna order something, kid? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. That's for messing up my hair.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. That's for messing up my hair. What was it, George, bird watching? What, well you mean like a date? Doc.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Thanks a lot, kid. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. I haven't Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I hope so. The storm. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah. Yeah, sure, okay. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Lorraine, are you up there? I said the keys are in here. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Leave me alone. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Leave her alone, you bastard. Who are you?

Yeah. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Uh, well, I gotta go. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Oh. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Take care. Yet. What the hell is this? How about a ride, Mister?

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Because, you might regret it later in life. What was it, George, bird watching? Precisely.

Breakfast. Well, Biff. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Who do you think, the Libyans.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Yeah. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Who do you think, the Libyans.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. What? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Where were we.

Who's are these? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Uh, yeah. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. This sounds pretty heavy.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Marty, why are you so nervous? Biff.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Yoo. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Let's put him in there. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Oh yes sir. Keys? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Scram, McFly. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. What's that thing he's on?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Thanks a lot, kid. Flux capacitor. That's a big bruise you have there.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Now Biff, don't con me. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Its good. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? God dammit, I'm late.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Flux capacitor. Ahh. Ahh. No, Doc. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Marty, will we ever see you again? Where's Einstein, is he with you? Ahh. Say that again.

And where's my reports? Who are you? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Which one's your pop?

Children. No. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Jesus.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. No, bastards. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Say that again. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Listen, Doc. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Jesus, you smoke too? Jesus. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. You got a permit for that? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

What about George? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? This is for all you lovers out there. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Whoa, wait, Doc. Don't say a word. What the hell is this? Are those my clocks I hear?

No, not yet. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Yeah. Maybe you were adopted.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Yeah. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Hello. Its good. I said the keys are in here. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Which one's your pop? No. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Yeah. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Uh, coast guard. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Excuse me.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Get your meat hooks off of me. Go. Go. What? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Oh. Leave her alone, you bastard. Huh? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

The keys are in the trunk. Ahh. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Well uh, good, fine.

The storm. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Thanks. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. What's the meaning of this. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Back to the future. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Yeah. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Lorraine, are you up there? Why do you keep following me around?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Doc. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. You're gonna be in the car with her. Marty, will we ever see you again?

The future, it's where you're going? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Yeah. You don't understand. Go. Go.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Ah. Whoa. Whoa, wait, Doc. You'll find out in thirty years. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Back to the future.

What about George? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Right, I got it. Hey. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Alright, I'm ready. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Doc, is that a de-

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Oh. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Yeah. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yeah okay.

I'm gonna be at the dance. That's good advice, Marty. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Wrecked? I have to tell you about the future.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Well, this is a radiation suit. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Ahh.

George. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Ohh, no. Stop it. Marty, that was very interesting music.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Doc, is that a de- Ahh. Marty. Marty. Marty. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Huh? I've gotta go. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

He's alright. No. We all make mistakes in life, children Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Hi, Marty. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Ahh. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Well, they're bigger than me.

Okay Doc, this is it. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Uh, yeah. Uh?

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Yeah. No. The keys are in the trunk. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

Thank you. In about thirty years. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Never? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

We all make mistakes in life, children No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. You know what I do in those situations?

Yoo. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Go. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Doc?

Thanks a lot, kid. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. I think I know exactly what you mean. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Marty. Marty. Marty. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Oh yes sir. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Uh, coast guard. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Sit here, Marty. No, why, what's a matter? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Ah, honey, your first novel. Mom, Dad. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Huh? Let's get him. Wow, you must be rich.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Quiet. Stop it. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. You okay, is everything alright?

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. What, what? I think I know exactly what you mean. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. About how far ahead are you going?

Wow, you must be rich. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. this has gotta be a dream. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? What, what, ma?

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- I followed you. Erased from existence. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Wait a minute. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Unroll their fire. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Oh. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Go. Go.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. I will. Save the clock tower. George, help me, please. Yeah okay.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Marty, that was very interesting music. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Okay. Uh, look me up when you get there. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Damn. I'm late for school. I'm gonna be at the dance.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Oh, yeah, yeah. Calvin.

Just finishing up the second coat now. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Yeah.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Uh, coast guard. Stop it. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Where does he come from? Nothing. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. No.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Marty, why are you so nervous?

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Oh. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. What's a rerun? Stop it. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Ronald Reagon. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Alright, I'm ready. No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Stop it. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Hi, Marty. Hello. And he could sleep in my room. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Ahh. Lorraine, are you up there? Thank you. In about thirty years. The hell you doing to my car? Ah well, sort of.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. We do now. Flux capacitor. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Where were we. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Yoo. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. I can't play. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Well gee, I don't know. You'll find out.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. That's George McFly? Ah. Whoa.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Oh, what I meant to day was- Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Okay Doc, this is it. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Ahh. Okay Doc, this is it. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

The hell you doing to my car? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Maybe you were adopted.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Your, your right. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Whoa, this is heavy. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Hello. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Uh, I think so.

What? Go. Ah. Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Ahh. Are those my clocks I hear? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

We all make mistakes in life, children Excuse me. Stop it. That's George McFly? That's George McFly.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Marty, such a nice name. You're gonna be in the car with her. Nothing. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Where the hell are they. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Right.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Mom, is that you? We all make mistakes in life, children Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

What? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Really.

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Thank you. In about thirty years. Listen, Doc. Whoa, wait, Doc. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Right check, Doc. Leave me alone. What? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Wow, you must be rich.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Lorraine. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. He's your brother, Mom.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Well, they're bigger than me. What? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Don't tell me anything. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Yeah. Precisely. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Save the clock tower.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? Yeah, he's right here. Why not? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Biff.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Doc, you gotta help-

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Ah well, sort of. Huh?

Why not? Ronald Reagon. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Doc. The flux capacitor.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Go. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Yet.

Perfect, just perfect. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. What? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Oh, yeah, yeah. I think I know exactly what you mean. Okay. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. I hope so. You bet. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

George: you ever think of running for class president? You know what I do in those situations? Don't tell me anything. Unroll their fire. Doc?

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Go. Watch it, Goldie. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Ahh. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Where does he come from? Save the clock tower. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Crazy drunk drivers. Erased from existence. Holy shit. Your, your right.

Whoa, this is heavy. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. What, I don't get what happened. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. The flux capacitor. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Quiet. Save the clock tower. Yoo. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Unroll their fire. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. No, Doc. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? What's the meaning of this. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. What, well you mean like a date? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Doc.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Well, this is a radiation suit. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Alright, I'm ready.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Ah. Whoa. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. I guarantee it.

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Its good. Right. I will. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Who do you think, the Libyans. Yeah, it's in the back. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I have to tell you about the future.

Right. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Where were we. Right.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? I don't wanna see you in here again. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Yoo. Why not? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Oh, yeah, yeah. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

No. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

This sounds pretty heavy. Doc, you gotta help- No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Oh yes sir.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Precisely. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Right check, Doc. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Uh, I think so. Huh? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Yeah, well history is gonna change.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. What? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. I can't play. Hello, Jennifer.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? I don't wanna see you in here again.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yeah. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Hi.

Because, you might regret it later in life. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. The hell you doing to my car? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Doc. Okay. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. George, help me, please. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Oh, what I meant to day was- So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Oh.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Doc, you gotta help- Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

I have to tell you about the future. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Right. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Hello.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. That's good advice, Marty. You know what I do in those situations? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

George. You're George McFly. We never would have fallen in love. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. It's about the future, isn't it?

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Thank you. In about thirty years. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Uh, yeah. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Right, and where am I gonna be? Leave her alone, you bastard. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. I haven't I'll call you tonight.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Hello. How about a ride, Mister? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. You do? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Uh, Doc. Nothing.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Are you okay? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. About how far ahead are you going? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? What's the meaning of this. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Unroll their fire. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. I'll call you tonight. Yeah. Lorraine, are you up there?

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. George, help me, please. Leave her alone, you bastard. How's your head? Unroll their fire.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Unroll their fire. Ahh. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. I just wanna use the phone.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? No, why, what's a matter? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. The storm.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Marty, you made it. Is she pretty? Leave her alone, you bastard.

Sit here, Marty. I followed you. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Damn. I'm late for school. Now Biff, don't con me.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Excuse me. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. I followed you. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

Let's put him in there. Okay. Perfect, just perfect. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. You know what I do in those situations?

Hi, Marty. Say that again. Hello. What? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

McFly. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Wait a minute. You'll find out. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Who are you? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Maybe you were adopted. Yeah, gimme a Tab. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. George.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. What? Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Right. Precisely. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Yeah, exactly. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Okay Doc, this is it.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Where?

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. He's an absolute dream. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Huh? Hi, Marty. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. I said the keys are in here. Scram, McFly.

You okay, is everything alright? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Marty, such a nice name. Mom, is that you?

Right, and where am I gonna be? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Yeah. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. I haven't Biff.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Well, this is a radiation suit. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Oh.

Take care. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Hi, Marty. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Where were we. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. You don't understand. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Okay. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Who do you think, the Libyans. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. George. George. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Hey boy, are you alright? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. The flux capacitor. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. He's an absolute dream. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

What, well you mean like a date? Are you gonna order something, kid? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Right. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Why do you keep following me around? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Yet. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. What, what is it hot? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Yoo. Doc. Shit. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? That's George McFly? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. What? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Jesus. Lorraine, are you up there?

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Jesus. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. This is for all you lovers out there. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? He's an absolute dream. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? No, Doc.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. What's with the life preserver? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Keys?

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? No, fine, no , good, fine, good. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

Good morning, Mom. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. C'mon, c'mon let's go. You know what I do in those situations? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Marty, are you alright? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. I'll call you tonight.

Where the hell are they. Ah. I have to tell you about the future. Precisely. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. What, what? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Ahh. Ahh.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

He's a very strange young man. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. No, why, what's a matter?

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Save the clock tower. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

That's right. Yeah, who are you? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Well, Biff. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Excuse me. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Who's are these? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Whoa, wait, Doc. Say that again. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Now Biff, don't con me.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

You're George McFly. Yeah, it's in the back. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. What, I don't get what happened. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Whoa, whoa, okay. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Yeah, where does he live? We do now. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. You okay, is everything alright?

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. I, I don't know. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? I think we need a rematch. That's George McFly.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Right. Crazy drunk drivers. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Now Biff, don't con me.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Uh, coast guard. Who, who? Right. We all make mistakes in life, children

What, I don't get what happened. C'mon, c'mon. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. He's alright. Okay. Hello. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. This sounds pretty heavy. What? Yeah, I think maybe you do. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

What Lorraine, what? Uh, look me up when you get there. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Breakfast. That's for messing up my hair. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. The hell you doing to my car?

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. You're gonna be in the car with her. Ah, honey, your first novel. Right. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. What about George? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

I haven't Excuse me. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Let's go. You have this thing hooked up to the car? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Doc.

Right. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Wrecked? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. What was it, George, bird watching? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. I'll get it back to you, alright? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Doc, wait. No, bastards. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

We all make mistakes in life, children I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. God dammit, I'm late. Where were we. George.

How's your head? No, Doc. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Right.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Jesus. Actually, people call me Marty. George, help me, please.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Hi, Marty. Well, Biff.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. The future, it's where you're going? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Thanks a lot, kid.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Who are you? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Alright, I'm ready. Okay.

Hello. Ahh. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Now Biff, don't con me. Let's put him in there.

Damn. I'm late for school. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Do you mind if we park for a while? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Ah. Whoa. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Why is she gonna get angry with you? I'll call you tonight. Huh?

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Excuse me. Jennifer. You'll find out in thirty years.

C'mon. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. You'll find out. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Now Biff, don't con me. Who do you think, the Libyans. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? You'll find out in thirty years. Yeah. I will. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Huh?

Oh, yeah, yeah. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Shit. Yeah. What, what, ma?

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Yeah. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. I, I don't know.

Marty, why are you so nervous? What? I have to tell you about the future. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Because, you might regret it later in life. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Working.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. This sounds pretty heavy. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

You're George McFly. About how far ahead are you going? No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Ahh. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Breakfast. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Marty, is that you? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

I have to tell you about the future. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Uh, yeah. I will. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Well, this is a radiation suit. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Ahh. Look, you gotta listen to me. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

It's my dad. And he could sleep in my room. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Why not? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Ohh, no. Who, who? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Yeah, who are you?

Which one's your pop? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Uh, yeah. Crazy drunk drivers.

Marty, is that you? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Nothing. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Uh, yeah.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. George, help me, please. Wow, you must be rich. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

That's him. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. The storm. You don't understand. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Do you mind if we park for a while? Oh. Hi.

Oh yes sir. Why not? I'm gonna be at the dance. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Excuse me. Back to the future. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

That's good advice, Marty. Ahh. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Alright, we're the pinheads.

What the hell is a gigawatt? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Oh. Holy shit. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Oh yes sir. What you got under here? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. We never would have fallen in love. Yeah.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. What? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. That's George McFly.

Doc, you gotta help- My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Mom, Dad. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Why not? Uh, yeah.

We never would have fallen in love. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. George: you ever think of running for class president? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Your, your right.

Don't tell me anything. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Thanks a lot, kid.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. I hope so. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Crazy drunk drivers.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Precisely. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

What's the meaning of this. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? What? I have to tell you about the future. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Yeah, exactly.

Weight has nothing to do with it. Hello. He's a very strange young man. No. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Uh, coast guard.

Alright, I'm ready. It's a board with wheels. You know what I do in those situations? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. What's with the life preserver?

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Yeah, where does he live? Get your meat hooks off of me. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Lorraine.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- George. You got a permit for that? Get your meat hooks off of me. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Good morning. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? And he could sleep in my room.

Right, and where am I gonna be? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. You know what I do in those situations? Yeah.

This sounds pretty heavy. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Marty. Marty. Marty. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Let's put him in there. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Back to the future.

What's that thing he's on? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Hi.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Hello, Jennifer. No. Oh.

What's the meaning of this. Don't say a word. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Marty you gotta come back with me. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

What did you say? Oh. I'll get it back to you, alright? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Yeah okay.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. You'll find out. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Excuse me. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. What?

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? How's your head? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Uh? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Hi. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Marty, you made it. What about George?

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Where does he come from? What did you say? What?

Yeah, gimme a Tab. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Hello. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. You don't understand. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Hello.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Lorraine, are you up there? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Oh, yeah, yeah. Is she pretty?

Scram, McFly. Yeah okay. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Which one's your pop? Right about here. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Where?

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I have to tell you about the future.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Yeah, he's right here. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Never? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Ah, honey, your first novel. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Oh.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Without any sugar. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? What did your mother ever see in that kid? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. That ain't no airplane, look. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Right check, Doc. Never?

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Huh? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Yeah, who are you?

It's a board with wheels. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Quiet. That's a big bruise you have there. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Do you mind if we park for a while? Children. Well uh, good, fine. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Ahh. Doc. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. No, not yet.

You'll find out in thirty years. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. What did I just say? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Where does he come from?

Are you gonna order something, kid? Thanks. You too. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Really.

Well, I guess that's everything. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Yeah, he's right here. Your, your right. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Who are you? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Wait a minute.

Whoa, this is heavy. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. I have to tell you about the future. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Right.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Lorraine. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Uh, well, I gotta go.

The storm. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Alright, punk, now-

Precisely. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. What? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Marty, are you alright? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. George.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. George, help me, please. And he could sleep in my room. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Unroll their fire.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. I've gotta go. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Never? Leave her alone, you bastard. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Just finishing up the second coat now. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Ah, where're my pants? Lorraine, are you up there? I have a feeling too.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Leave her alone, you bastard. Hello, Jennifer. Lorraine. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Right, I got it. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Why not? George: you ever think of running for class president? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

That's him. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? What? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

What was it, George, bird watching? It's a board with wheels. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Ah. Whoa.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Don't say a word. Yet. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. What did you say?

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. George. C'mon. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Mom, Dad. C'mon. Oh. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Doc, you gotta help-

I'll get it back to you, alright? Back to the future. Yeah, it's 8:00. Shit. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

I guarantee it. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Why do you keep following me around? Well gee, I don't know. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Ah. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. What's that thing he's on? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Who? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. He's an absolute dream.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

You too. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. God dammit, I'm late. Nothing.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. What, what is it hot? Doc. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? You okay, is everything alright?

Yeah okay. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Let's put him in there. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Who are you?

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. No.

Ohh, no. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. George. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Thanks a lot, kid.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Right. Why not?

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. I, I don't know. He's your brother, Mom.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. What did you say? Scram, McFly. George. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Biff. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Good morning. Excuse me.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Save the clock tower. Where does he come from?

What did you say? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Yeah, exactly. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. McFly. Actually, people call me Marty. Save the clock tower. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Go. Go. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Marty, are you alright? You know what I do in those situations? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

That's George McFly? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. You do? Stop it. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Aw yeah, everything is great. Hi. Huh? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. How's your head?

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. I think I know exactly what you mean. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? I'm gonna ram him. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Hello. What you got under here? No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Yeah, it's 8:00. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. What, what is it hot? Quiet. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Marty you gotta come back with me. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. No, not yet.

Thank you. In about thirty years. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? I hope so. Weight has nothing to do with it. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Right. Right about here. Huh? Whoa, wait, Doc. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

What, what, ma? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Jesus. I'll call you tonight. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Alright, we're the pinheads. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

What the hell is this? George. George. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. You know what I do in those situations? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. The keys are in the trunk.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? C'mon. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Marty, you made it. C'mon, c'mon. Yeah, I think maybe you do. I have a feeling too. What's a rerun?

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. That's him. Ahh. That's a big bruise you have there.

Okay. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. It's a board with wheels. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Right about here. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Ah. Whoa. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

And where's my reports? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Hey. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

That ain't no airplane, look. Calvin. Thank you. In about thirty years. That's George McFly. The flux capacitor.

I just wanna use the phone. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Doc. Alright, I'm ready. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. What? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Are you sure about this storm?

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Ahh. Ahh. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. This sounds pretty heavy. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Maybe you were adopted. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

McFly. What the hell is a gigawatt? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

What, what? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Ah well, sort of. He's alright. How about a ride, Mister?

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Its good. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Really.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. You got a permit for that? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. How about a ride, Mister?

Well, she's not doing a very good job. You're George McFly. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Doc, is that a de- Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Ah, where're my pants? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Where does he come from? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Perfect, just perfect. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

This is for all you lovers out there. Uncle Jailbird Joey? What, what? Say that again. What?

Children. I guarantee it. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Doc.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. What, what, ma?

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. That's him. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Lorraine. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Weight has nothing to do with it.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. What, I don't get what happened. Good morning. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Yeah, gimme a Tab. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Right. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Yeah, where does he live? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc C'mon, c'mon. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Marty, is that you? Wrecked? When did this happen and- That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Oh.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. And he could sleep in my room. Who are you? Right, I got it. I'm gonna ram him.

C'mon, c'mon. You too. Without any sugar. Holy shit. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Doc, is that a de- Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Who, who? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

I guarantee it. Ohh, no. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Yeah. George. Save the clock tower. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Marty, is that you? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Lorraine. Well, this is a radiation suit. Where were we. I have a feeling too. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. How about a ride, Mister? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

That's right. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Maybe you were adopted. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Don't say a word. About how far ahead are you going? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. C'mon. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Ah. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

Let's go. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Lorraine. Never mind that now, never mind that now. I've gotta go. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

What Lorraine, what? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? We all make mistakes in life, children Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Yeah, where does he live? Erased from existence.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Why not? Wrecked? Alright, punk, now- No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Ahh. Ahh.

Excuse me. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Marty, why are you so nervous? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? What? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

About how far ahead are you going? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I will. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Oh.

Doc. Well, I figured, what the hell. Ah, where're my pants? Whoa, wait, Doc. Nothing's coming to my mind.

Are you okay? Let's go. Never? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Huh?

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Who do you think, the Libyans. I think we need a rematch.

Don't say a word. Huh? Ahh. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Are you sure about this storm? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. You do? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Yeah. Calvin.

The flux capacitor. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Excuse me. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Doc, you gotta help- Uh, well, I gotta go. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

George. George. How about a ride, Mister? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Marty, why are you so nervous?

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Good morning. What did I just say? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Save the clock tower.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. What? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. I just wanna use the phone. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

You're gonna be in the car with her. We do now. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Yeah, gimme a Tab. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Who's are these? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Do you mind if we park for a while? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. No, not yet. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Where does he come from?

Uh? What's with the life preserver? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Hello.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. No. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Yeah, he's right here. Okay Doc, this is it.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Marty you gotta come back with me. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

You don't understand. Leave her alone, you bastard. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? It's my dad. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Where were we.

Doc. I can't play. Jesus, you smoke too? That's George McFly. Right about here.

C'mon. Ahh. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. We all make mistakes in life, children But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

What? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Right check, Doc. Yeah. Yeah.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Holy shit. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Right check, Doc. Yeah.

Nothing's coming to my mind. I'm gonna ram him. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? No, not yet. I'll call you tonight.

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Marty, why are you so nervous? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Good morning. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. What's the meaning of this. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. What the hell is a gigawatt?

That ain't no airplane, look. C'mon. I think we need a rematch. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. How about a ride, Mister? Whoa, this is heavy. Huh?

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Oh. Marty, that was very interesting music. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? What did I just say? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Whoa, this is heavy. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. this has gotta be a dream. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Next, please.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Biff. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hi. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Nothing. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Are you gonna order something, kid? What? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

You bet. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Nothing's coming to my mind. How's your head?

You'll find out in thirty years. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Ahh. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Yeah. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

You're George McFly. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Right. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Whoa, this is heavy. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Wow, you must be rich. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Wrecked?

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Hello. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Perfect, just perfect. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Ah, where're my pants? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. I'll get it back to you, alright? Calvin.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. C'mon, c'mon. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Yeah. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. It's about the future, isn't it? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

What's a rerun? The future, it's where you're going? Actually, people call me Marty. Who, who? Okay.

What, well you mean like a date? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Hello. I have to tell you about the future.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Science Fiction Theater. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Right. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Yeah. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? I have to tell you about the future. Why not?

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Ahh.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

What, well you mean like a date? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. What's that thing he's on? Right about here. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Let's go.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. And where's my reports? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Okay. Marty, are you alright? Ah. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Will you take care of that? C'mon, c'mon. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Well gee, I don't know. Don't tell me anything.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Hi, Marty. Aw yeah, everything is great. Excuse me.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. The flux capacitor. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Science Fiction Theater. Hey. Yeah. How about a ride, Mister? I can't play.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Did you hurt your head? Doc. Huh?

Marty, are you alright? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. I think we need a rematch.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Doc. What the hell is a gigawatt? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Why not? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Yeah. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Don't say a word. Yeah.

Who's are these? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Are you gonna order something, kid? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. What's going on? Where have you been all week? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Doc, is that a de- What a nightmare.

Let's get him. Well, this is a radiation suit. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Oh, just a little weather experiment. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I said the keys are in here.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Wait a minute. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. I followed you. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Uh, coast guard. Flux capacitor. Your, your right. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. What? Who are you? Doc, you gotta help-

Yeah, it's in the back. Alright, we're the pinheads. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Damn. I'm late for school.

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Flux capacitor. How's your head? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

You know what I do in those situations? Doc. I'll get it back to you, alright? Good morning. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Okay. Good morning, Mom. That's good advice, Marty. Hello. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. The future, it's where you're going? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Holy shit.

Right check, Doc. Actually, people call me Marty. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Marty, such a nice name.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Erased from existence. Doc, she didn't even look at him. George. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Uh, look me up when you get there. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Your, your right.

Yeah, who are you? George, help me, please. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. What the hell is this? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Its good. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Huh? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Right. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? We do now.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Whoa, whoa, okay. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. What's the meaning of this. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Quiet.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Yeah, I think maybe you do. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. C'mon. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. What a nightmare. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Right about here. Working.

C'mon, c'mon. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Uh, Doc. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Right. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Ronald Reagon. Huh? I just wanna use the phone.

I said the keys are in here. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Where does he come from? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Good morning, Mom. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Hello. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

Are you okay? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. That's George McFly. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Doc?

Right. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Did you hurt your head?

What? Ahh. Ahh. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. What?

Why not? Don't say a word. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Jesus. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? What? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Good morning. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. this has gotta be a dream. We do now. Huh?

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. I have to tell you about the future. Hi.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Marty, such a nice name. Huh? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Oh, just a little weather experiment. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

The future, it's where you're going? Where? Yeah. Doc. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Who is that guy. That ain't no airplane, look. Ah. Back to the future. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Yeah. Breakfast. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Right. What's that thing he's on? Yeah, I think maybe you do. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

Unroll their fire. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Wrecked? She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Well, I figured, what the hell. Ah, honey, your first novel. Uh?

Doc, you gotta help- I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Ahh. Ahh. That's for messing up my hair. This is for all you lovers out there.

Yeah, exactly. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Perfect, just perfect. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. What's the meaning of this.

Never? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? You okay, is everything alright? What about George?

Ah. Whoa. Yoo. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. I have to tell you about the future. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What Lorraine, what? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? No. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. He's alright. Why not?

Whoa, whoa, okay. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Where were we. I'll call you tonight. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

No, not yet. Yeah. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

You don't understand. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Well, Biff. Ahh. Keys? I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Who are you?

C'mon. Marty, why are you so nervous? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Nothing's coming to my mind. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Weight has nothing to do with it. You do? Well gee, I don't know. Whoa, this is heavy. You do?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. What? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

What the hell is this? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Yeah, where does he live? Keys? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Doc. Marty, why are you so nervous? Precisely. Yeah. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Marty, why are you so nervous? Perfect, just perfect. Don't tell me anything. I don't wanna see you in here again. Yeah, he's right here.

Oh. Flux capacitor. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. I haven't Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I will. Mom, Dad. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Thanks a lot, kid. Will you take care of that? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? It's my dad. I can't play.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Perfect, just perfect. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. George. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. What's that thing he's on? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Precisely. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Ahh. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Doc? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Yeah.

I've gotta go. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Who are you? Are you sure about this storm?

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Get your meat hooks off of me. Ahh. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

George: you ever think of running for class president? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. That's George McFly.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Next, please. Your, your right. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Marty, are you alright?

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Look, you gotta listen to me. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Sit here, Marty. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Uh, coast guard. What's the meaning of this. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Shit. Marty, such a nice name.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Who are you? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Let's put him in there. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- George. You okay, is everything alright?

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. I don't wanna see you in here again. Say that again. What, what, ma? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

We never would have fallen in love. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? I'll call you tonight. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Right.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Doc, you gotta help- Ah, honey, your first novel. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Marty, is that you? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. What?

Whoa, wait, Doc. I will. Yeah. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I have a feeling too.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Uh? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Leave me alone. Hi, Marty. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Yeah. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Save the clock tower. That's him. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Whoa, this is heavy. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Marty. Marty. Marty. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Oh.

Right. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

The flux capacitor. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Yeah, gimme a Tab.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Jesus. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

What did I just say? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Okay. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Precisely. Yet. Alright, we're the pinheads. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. McFly. Excuse me. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Weight has nothing to do with it. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Leave her alone, you bastard. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Where does he come from? Calvin. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Hey boy, are you alright? Keys? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Leave me alone. Uh, yeah. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Ahh. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Save the clock tower.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Huh? Right. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Ahh. Alright, we're the pinheads. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. George. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. What Lorraine, what? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Yeah, who are you? Yeah, where does he live?

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. What, I don't get what happened. What, what? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Ah, honey, your first novel. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. The flux capacitor. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Doc. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Crazy drunk drivers.

George, help me, please. Next, please. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Working. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Yeah, sure, okay.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Who? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Hey boy, are you alright? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Whoa, this is heavy. Oh, yeah, yeah. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Okay.

Marty, are you alright? Say that again. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. George, help me, please. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Doc. Huh? Doc, is that a de- Why do you keep following me around? Oh.

Did you hurt your head? What? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Oh.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. C'mon, c'mon. Uh, coast guard. Because, you might regret it later in life. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I can't play. C'mon, c'mon. Bet your ass it works. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

You'll find out. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Right. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

What, what, ma? Right. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Leave me alone. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Shit. Hi, Marty. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Yeah, exactly.

Did you hurt your head? Why not? She's just trying to keep you respectable. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Huh? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Oh. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Next, please. Ah. Whoa. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Are you sure about this storm?

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. You got a permit for that?

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Damn. I'm late for school.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Unroll their fire.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Maybe you were adopted. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Take care.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Precisely. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Yeah, where does he live? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Doc? Precisely. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Mom, is that you?

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Whoa, whoa, okay. What? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Leave her alone, you bastard.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? This is for all you lovers out there. Go. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Well, Biff. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. What Lorraine, what?

Get your meat hooks off of me. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Leave me alone. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Do you mind if we park for a while? Ah, honey, your first novel.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

He's an absolute dream. It's my dad. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Save the clock tower. Doc? Marty, is that you?

Quiet. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Holy shit.

Whoa, this is heavy. Ah. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Are those my clocks I hear? Ronald Reagon.

Who is that guy. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Yeah, it's 8:00. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Wow, you must be rich. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. We all make mistakes in life, children Good morning.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Go. Doc. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Right, I got it.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Nothing's coming to my mind.

Yeah. Stop it. Sit here, Marty. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Maybe you were adopted. Where the hell are they. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? George, help me, please. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc George, help me, please.

Let's get him. Where the hell are they. Ahh. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Wrecked? When did this happen and- I've gotta go. Hello. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Biff. Say that again. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. I'll call you tonight.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Who are you? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. I have to tell you about the future. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Well, I figured, what the hell. Marty, why are you so nervous? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Huh? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Right. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Wrecked?

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Right. Who is that guy. Marty, why are you so nervous? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Yeah. It's my dad. Who do you think, the Libyans. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Who are you?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. He's your brother, Mom. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Never?

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. George, help me, please. Uh, I think so. Stop it.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Go. Go.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Hey. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What's the meaning of this. Ohh, no.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. It's a board with wheels.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Uh, I think so. Well uh, good, fine. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. That's a big bruise you have there.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Yet. Doc, is that a de- I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Hi, Marty.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Are those my clocks I hear? What the hell is this? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? What the hell is this?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Thanks a lot, kid. Really. Whoa, this is heavy. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Which one's your pop? What about George? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Ronald Reagon. Well gee, I don't know.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Go.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. This is for all you lovers out there. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. What, what is it hot?

George. George. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. You bet. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. George: you ever think of running for class president? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Go. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. You got a permit for that? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? What Lorraine, what? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

He's an absolute dream. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Shit. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Good morning, Mom. Right. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Uh? Yeah. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

Whoa, wait, Doc. Who's are these? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Its good. Doc.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Right, I got it. Huh? We never would have fallen in love. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. What did you say?

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Right, and where am I gonna be? The hell you doing to my car? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Quiet.

Huh? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Working. Breakfast.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Uh, I think so. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Quiet. What?

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. It's about the future, isn't it? George: you ever think of running for class president? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Yeah, exactly.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Yeah okay. Look, you gotta listen to me. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

I hope so. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Wow, you must be rich. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Calvin. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Marty, why are you so nervous? Yeah, gimme a Tab.

What a nightmare. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Stop it. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Breakfast. Let's get him. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. What a nightmare. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. this has gotta be a dream.

Yeah, sure, okay. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Marty, are you alright? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I guarantee it. Alright, I'm ready. What you got under here?

What? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Ah, honey, your first novel. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Ohh, no.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Wow, you must be rich. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Ahh.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Never? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Where?

Keys? No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Jesus, you smoke too? Crazy drunk drivers. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

I said the keys are in here. Crazy drunk drivers. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Working. Save the clock tower. Marty, why are you so nervous? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. This sounds pretty heavy.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? McFly. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

You're George McFly. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Hi, Marty. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Yeah. Yeah. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Doc? Wrecked? What? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Huh? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. God dammit, I'm late. You too. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

No, not yet. Yet. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? It's about the future, isn't it? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Ahh. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Never? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. You bet. Go. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

Listen, Doc. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. You have this thing hooked up to the car? And he could sleep in my room. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Stop it. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Crazy drunk drivers. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Marty you gotta come back with me. I have to tell you about the future. Where were we. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Really. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. No, not yet. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? What about George? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Marty. Marty. Marty.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Erased from existence. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. George. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Which one's your pop?

He's a peeping tom. Dad. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Biff. Huh?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Leave me alone. Lorraine, are you up there? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Why not? Next, please. What? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Doc.

Good morning, Mom. Did you hurt your head? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Hello. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Precisely. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

No, not yet. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Let's go. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? No, why, what's a matter?

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Which one's your pop? This sounds pretty heavy. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Excuse me.

Will you take care of that? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. No, Doc.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah, where does he live? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Who's are these?

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Its good. No, not yet.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Excuse me. You okay, is everything alright? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Yeah. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Don't say a word.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Thanks. Do you mind if we park for a while? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Okay. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Yeah. What? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Whoa, whoa, okay.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. That's George McFly. Uh, look me up when you get there. George: you ever think of running for class president?

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Go. Go. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. I'm gonna ram him. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Go. Go. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Did you hurt your head? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Which one's your pop? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Watch it, Goldie.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Oh. That's right. Stop it. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Doc. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Keys? What's the meaning of this. Crazy drunk drivers.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Doc. I will. Thanks, thanks a lot. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. That's him. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Good morning. Right.

Unroll their fire. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. What you got under here? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Oh. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

It's my dad. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Uh, well, I gotta go. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

That's a big bruise you have there. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Marty, are you alright? C'mon.

Hi, Marty. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Yeah. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Where does he come from? Ahh. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Oh, yeah, yeah. Huh? About how far ahead are you going? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? This sounds pretty heavy. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Doc, is that a de- Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Where were we. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Yeah. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. You don't understand. Ah, where're my pants?

Huh? Doc, you gotta help- Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. What, what, ma? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. What? Alright, I'm ready. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? What?

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Huh? He's your brother, Mom. Excuse me. Excuse me.

Who? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Whoa, wait, Doc. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Ah. Whoa. Why not?

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Yeah, he's right here. Hello. Thanks a lot, kid.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Damn. I'm late for school. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

How about a ride, Mister? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Sit here, Marty. Yeah, sure, okay. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Scram, McFly. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Why not?

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. What's with the life preserver? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Quiet. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. I followed you.

Science Fiction Theater. Science Fiction Theater. Don't say a word. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. No.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. I have to tell you about the future. Right. Are you okay? What, what is it hot?

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. I'm gonna ram him. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Maybe you were adopted. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. You bet. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Save the clock tower. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Yeah, where does he live? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Right, and where am I gonna be? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? He's your brother, Mom. Watch it, Goldie. Uh, I think so.

What? Ahh. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Okay Doc, this is it. Mom, Dad.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Quiet. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? This is for all you lovers out there. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

Ronald Reagon. Sit here, Marty. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Ahh.

Ahh. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Well gee, I don't know. Jennifer. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. You don't understand. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Ahh. What was it, George, bird watching?

George, help me, please. What's with the life preserver? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Quiet. You bet. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. You too. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Uh, well, I gotta go. Working. George, help me, please.

What you got under here? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Excuse me.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Actually, people call me Marty. No, why, what's a matter? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. I will.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Jesus. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Thanks, thanks a lot. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Listen, Doc. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. I, I don't know. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Huh? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Maybe you were adopted. Where? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Where were we.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Yeah, sure, okay. That's George McFly? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

And where's my reports? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. I guarantee it.

What? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Oh, yeah, yeah. Uncle Jailbird Joey? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Who do you think, the Libyans. C'mon.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. You got a permit for that? Are you gonna order something, kid? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. What? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Hi.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Right, I got it. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Oh.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. I don't wanna see you in here again. I think we need a rematch. McFly.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Stop it. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. That's George McFly? He's an absolute dream. Well, I guess that's everything. Watch it, Goldie.

Ah. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Okay Doc, this is it. C'mon. Yeah.

Hey. Marty, will we ever see you again? What, well you mean like a date? You'll find out. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Huh? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Yeah. Next, please.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. George: you ever think of running for class president? Ohh, no. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Ah. Looks like a airplane, without wings. No. Let's go.

I followed you. I just wanna use the phone. Uh, Doc. Wow, you must be rich. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Oh, what I meant to day was- Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Precisely.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. What the hell is a gigawatt? What about George? Hello. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Where? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. How's your head? What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Where? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Ronald Reagon. Oh yes sir.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. This sounds pretty heavy. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Yet. Oh. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Are you gonna order something, kid? Don't say a word. Ah. Whoa. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Right. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Go.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Yeah. Nothing. Actually, people call me Marty. I, I don't know.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Hello. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. I guarantee it. Marty, that was very interesting music. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Oh, just a little weather experiment. This is for all you lovers out there. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Doc. Jennifer. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Yeah, sure, okay. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. That's George McFly. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Why do you keep following me around? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

It's a board with wheels. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. I just wanna use the phone. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Oh. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. That's good advice, Marty. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Damn. I'm late for school. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Yeah, it's 8:00. Alright, we're the pinheads. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

this has gotta be a dream. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? No, why, what's a matter?

Uh? Thanks a lot, kid. Leave me alone. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Lorraine.

Doc. Because, you might regret it later in life. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. I don't wanna see you in here again. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. What?

Wait a minute. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Who, who? Who is that guy. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Uh, I think so. Good morning, Mom. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

The hell you doing to my car? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Precisely. How's your head? Why not? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Get your meat hooks off of me. You too. Yeah, sure, okay. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. That's good advice, Marty.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? How's your head? No, Biff, you leave her alone.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Yeah. Marty. Marty. Marty. You'll find out in thirty years. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Working. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. No, Doc. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Whoa, wait, Doc. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Erased from existence. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Because, you might regret it later in life. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Weight has nothing to do with it. Why not? Who is that guy. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Ah, where're my pants?

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Uh, well, I gotta go. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Back to the future.

Jesus, you smoke too? You're gonna be in the car with her. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? You do? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Ah well, sort of. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Biff. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Doc. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. I guarantee it.

No. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. I will. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. That's for messing up my hair. Hey. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Never? That's a big bruise you have there. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Uh, coast guard. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. George. Well gee, I don't know. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Uh, coast guard. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Hi.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Where's Einstein, is he with you? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Oh. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. You don't understand. Let's put him in there.

Its good. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

What's a rerun? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Who, who? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Oh. Ahh.

Nothing's coming to my mind. No, Doc. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. What? Yeah, sure, okay.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Okay. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Watch it, Goldie.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Uh, well, I gotta go. Your, your right. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. We never would have fallen in love. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

We all make mistakes in life, children Where the hell are they. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Oh.

Biff. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Marty, are you alright? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

No, why, what's a matter? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. No, why, what's a matter? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

I followed you. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Marty, why are you so nervous? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

I think I know exactly what you mean. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Marty, that was very interesting music. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Hi, Marty. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Wait a minute. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Thank you. In about thirty years.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

George, help me, please. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. You're gonna be in the car with her.

I followed you. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Weight has nothing to do with it. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

You okay, is everything alright? Crazy drunk drivers. Yeah, who are you? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. I'm gonna ram him.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Who are you? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Uh, coast guard. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Right. You don't understand.

Why not? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. George. Wow, you must be rich.

Ah. Whoa. Stop it. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Perfect, just perfect.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

Mom, Dad. Yeah, he's right here. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Go. Go. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Hello. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Hi. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

What's the meaning of this. Watch it, Goldie. Ah, honey, your first novel. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. What's the meaning of this. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Alright, we're the pinheads. Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah, it's 8:00. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Lorraine, are you up there? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Huh? Yeah, sure, okay. No, Doc.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- You'll find out in thirty years. Did you hurt your head?

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Yeah. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. What the hell is a gigawatt? Holy shit.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. The future, it's where you're going? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. God dammit, I'm late.

What? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Huh? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

Children. What, what, ma? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. You'll find out in thirty years.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Nothing. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. You don't understand.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Oh yes sir. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

You're George McFly. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

You okay, is everything alright? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Who is that guy. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Huh?

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. I, I don't know. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. I can't play.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Well gee, I don't know. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Yeah, he's right here. You okay, is everything alright? What? Science Fiction Theater. I have to tell you about the future.

You okay, is everything alright? The keys are in the trunk. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Who's are these? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

You bet. What, I don't get what happened. Oh. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. What?

You don't understand. Back to the future. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Ah, where're my pants? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Who do you think, the Libyans. Doc, she didn't even look at him. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Right check, Doc. Flux capacitor.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. I think I know exactly what you mean. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? What, well you mean like a date?

I just wanna use the phone. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Yeah. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

No. Whoa, wait, Doc. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Right about here. Uh, Doc.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? And he could sleep in my room. What the hell is this? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Yeah.

Excuse me. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Yeah, I think maybe you do. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? That's good advice, Marty. What's that thing he's on? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

You'll find out in thirty years. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. We all make mistakes in life, children Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Right. Do you mind if we park for a while? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. You'll find out in thirty years. Maybe you were adopted.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Marty, will we ever see you again? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

Huh? Oh yes sir. You'll find out. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? You'll find out.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. No, Doc. Marty you gotta come back with me. Sit here, Marty. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Precisely. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Erased from existence. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Hi, Marty. Marty, why are you so nervous?

The future, it's where you're going? No, not yet. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Excuse me. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Ohh, no. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. He's an absolute dream.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Doc?

Ah. Whoa. He's an absolute dream. Biff. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Well, I guess that's everything.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Well, they're bigger than me. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Jesus, you smoke too? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Who do you think, the Libyans. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. He's a very strange young man. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Breakfast.

Which one's your pop? I will. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Who do you think, the Libyans. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

Well, they're bigger than me. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Um, well it's a delorean, right? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Keys? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Excuse me. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Hey. That ain't no airplane, look. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Yeah, it's in the back. Go.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Ahh. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

I'm gonna ram him. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Next, please. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Whoa, wait, Doc. Yeah.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Stop it. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Who do you think, the Libyans. You know what I do in those situations?

I'm gonna ram him. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Ronald Reagon. Marty, that was very interesting music. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Where the hell are they.

You don't understand. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. That's for messing up my hair.

Thank you. In about thirty years. You okay, is everything alright? Thanks a lot, kid. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Watch it, Goldie.

Uh, coast guard. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. I said the keys are in here. Go.

Nothing. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? That ain't no airplane, look. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? What, I don't get what happened. Leave me alone.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. No, not yet. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Right, I got it. Thank you. In about thirty years.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Actually, people call me Marty. George, help me, please. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. What?

Ah. Whoa. Well, I figured, what the hell. Will you take care of that? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Good morning. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. I've gotta go. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Aw yeah, everything is great. I'm gonna ram him. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. What? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Crazy drunk drivers. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Ah well, sort of. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. What? Jesus, you smoke too? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? It's a board with wheels. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Wow, you must be rich. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Never?

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Doc? He's an absolute dream. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. You too. Oh, what I meant to day was-

I can't play. He's an absolute dream. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Stop it.

Will you take care of that? I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Marty, why are you so nervous? Watch it, Goldie.

Now Biff, don't con me. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Doc. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Yeah, it's 8:00.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. I have to tell you about the future. What? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Never? Marty, such a nice name. The future, it's where you're going? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. That's him. Wrecked? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Uh? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. George, help me, please. Perfect, just perfect.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Why do you keep following me around?

Are you okay? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Uh, well, I gotta go. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Doc?

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Right. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. No. He's a very strange young man. Doc. You don't understand.

We never would have fallen in love. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Actually, people call me Marty.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Calvin. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? That's for messing up my hair. I just wanna use the phone. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Who is that guy. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

You got a permit for that? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Hello, Jennifer. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Oh yes sir. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. I followed you.

Right, and where am I gonna be? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. What, I don't get what happened. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Yeah. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Let's get him. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Are those my clocks I hear?

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Go. Go. What, well you mean like a date? Yeah, he's right here.

George, help me, please. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? Well, they're bigger than me. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Don't say a word. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Alright, punk, now- Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. And where's my reports? Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

About how far ahead are you going? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Where were we. I've gotta go. Are those my clocks I hear?

Sit here, Marty. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Well, Biff. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Hi, Marty. Its good. That's right. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Uh, coast guard. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Ah well, sort of. Well, this is a radiation suit. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. I'll get it back to you, alright? Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Hi. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Doc, is that a de- Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Why not? Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Let's put him in there. Never mind that now, never mind that now. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. What about George? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Go. Go. Science Fiction Theater. No, not yet.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. You bet. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Jesus.

Yeah. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Perfect, just perfect. Well, this is a radiation suit.

I just wanna use the phone. Thanks. You don't understand. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Yeah. Really. You too.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah, he's right here. Huh? Watch it, Goldie. Oh.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Science Fiction Theater. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? I've gotta go. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Without any sugar. Jesus, you smoke too?

Science Fiction Theater. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Well, she's not doing a very good job. What's a rerun?

Oh yes sir. Take care. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Alright, punk, now-

Are you sure about this storm? Ah. Marty, that was very interesting music. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Yeah, it's 8:00.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Marty. Marty. Marty. Get your meat hooks off of me. Shit. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

You know what I do in those situations? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Huh? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Jesus, you smoke too?

Mom, Dad. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. What? That's George McFly. Oh yes sir.

What, well you mean like a date? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Marty, such a nice name. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. What about George?

Oh yes sir. Never mind that now, never mind that now. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Yeah, sure, okay.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. I'll get it back to you, alright? Well uh, good, fine. Go. What?

Did you hurt your head? You got a permit for that? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Ah well, sort of. He's your brother, Mom. What?

You got a permit for that? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Uh, Doc. Hello. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

No, why, what's a matter? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? God dammit, I'm late.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Doc. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Marty, will we ever see you again?

Thanks. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? What?

Doc. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Damn. I'm late for school. Right. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

What Lorraine, what? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. this has gotta be a dream. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Well, they're bigger than me. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Let's go. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Yeah, well history is gonna change. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Nothing's coming to my mind. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Hey boy, are you alright? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. You'll find out in thirty years. Marty, will we ever see you again? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Precisely. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Well uh, good, fine. Ah, honey, your first novel. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

That's a big bruise you have there. Okay. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Marty, is that you? Uh, Doc.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Who's are these? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Uh, yeah. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Oh.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Well, this is a radiation suit. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Breakfast. Right, and where am I gonna be?

I just wanna use the phone. Ah. Whoa. That's George McFly. Marty, such a nice name. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? What's the meaning of this. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Right. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Uh, Doc.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Lorraine. What?

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. I hope so. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

What, what is it hot? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Huh? Excuse me. Well, I guess that's everything.

Where does he come from? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Marty, that was very interesting music. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Who, who? Biff. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. What, I don't get what happened. Wait a minute.

Sit here, Marty. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Yeah, exactly. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Why is she gonna get angry with you? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Alright, punk, now- My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Marty, that was very interesting music.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Doc, wait. No, bastards. We never would have fallen in love.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? I think I know exactly what you mean. Who's are these? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. What a nightmare. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

What, well you mean like a date? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Let's go. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

Okay, but I don't know what to say. You okay, is everything alright? The keys are in the trunk. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

I'm gonna ram him. Yeah, where does he live? Hello. Say that again. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Go. Go. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Science Fiction Theater.

Huh? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Oh. What? I said the keys are in here.

Right check, Doc. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Leave me alone. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? How's your head? Because, you might regret it later in life. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Mom, is that you?

Thanks, thanks a lot. Oh. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. What Lorraine, what? No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Ahh. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. I think we need a rematch. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Huh? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Aw yeah, everything is great. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Hey boy, are you alright? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Why do you keep following me around? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Right. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. You know what I do in those situations? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. The flux capacitor. Uh, coast guard.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. The flux capacitor. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Okay.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Right, I got it. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Flux capacitor. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. What about George? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Are you gonna order something, kid? Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, exactly. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? That's for messing up my hair. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Good morning. Holy shit. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Ahh. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Thanks a lot, kid. That's George McFly.

I can't play. Huh? Good morning, Mom. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Uh, I think so.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. The storm.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Alright, punk, now- What's with the life preserver? Jesus, you smoke too? You bet.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. I think we need a rematch. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Oh.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Well uh, good, fine. Thanks a lot, kid. Listen, Doc. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Thanks, thanks a lot. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Its good.

Maybe you were adopted. I'm gonna be at the dance. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Let's get him.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Yeah. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. No, why, what's a matter?

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. George. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Let's put him in there.

What you got under here? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Doc. Uh, I think so. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. He's an absolute dream. Right. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Oh. I don't wanna see you in here again. Yeah, he's right here.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Look, you gotta listen to me. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Uh? Yeah. Right. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Yeah, I think maybe you do. We all make mistakes in life, children What's that thing he's on? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Do you mind if we park for a while? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Right check, Doc.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah, where does he live? Right. Stop it. Ah.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Doc. Yeah, it's 8:00. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Ah, honey, your first novel.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Oh, yeah, yeah. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Ahh. Ahh. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Right about here. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. C'mon, c'mon let's go. How about a ride, Mister?

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Hello. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Do you mind if we park for a while? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Take care. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

George. George. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Whoa, wait, Doc.

Because, you might regret it later in life. George. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. You know what I do in those situations? Huh?

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Huh? God dammit, I'm late. Ahh.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. That's George McFly. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

She's just trying to keep you respectable. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Ah, honey, your first novel.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Do you mind if we park for a while?

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. George. George. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Perfect, just perfect. What?

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Did you hurt your head? Yeah. George: you ever think of running for class president? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Sit here, Marty. Marty. Marty. Marty. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Leave me alone. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Yeah. Its good. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. He's alright. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Hello. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Marty you gotta come back with me. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Wow, you must be rich. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I'll call you tonight. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Who? Whoa, wait, Doc. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Children. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Hey. Uncle Jailbird Joey? What's that thing he's on? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Oh, just a little weather experiment.

He's your brother, Mom. I followed you. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. God dammit, I'm late. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Yeah, who are you? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Hey boy, are you alright? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Get your meat hooks off of me. The hell you doing to my car? You do? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. C'mon. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

You bet. C'mon. Precisely. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Yeah.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Wrecked? Doc.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Don't tell me anything. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Go. Go.

Ahh. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Because, you might regret it later in life. Oh, just a little weather experiment. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Ahh. Now Biff, don't con me. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Save the clock tower. What? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Jennifer.

Yeah. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. And where's my reports? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Uh, I think so. Who? George. Doc, is that a de- Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Working. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. You got a permit for that? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Okay.

Who is that guy. The future, it's where you're going? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. You're George McFly. Right.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? He's an absolute dream. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Yeah, it's in the back. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Uh, Doc. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Oh yes sir.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? The flux capacitor. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. I haven't

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Doc. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Right. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Hello, Jennifer. About how far ahead are you going? George: you ever think of running for class president? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Jennifer. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Ahh. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Nothing's coming to my mind. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? C'mon.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- What Lorraine, what? Yeah, exactly. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. What you got under here? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Its good.

He's your brother, Mom. Ohh, no. What was it, George, bird watching? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Huh? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Back to the future. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Hi.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. What, I don't get what happened. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Ahh. Precisely. Quiet. Marty, you made it. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Ah. George. George. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. What? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Flux capacitor. Precisely. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Uh, Doc. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yeah, it's in the back. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Jesus, you smoke too? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Right. No, Doc. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Who, who? It's a board with wheels. Hello. The hell you doing to my car? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Who's are these? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Shit. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Stop it. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Next, please. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Science Fiction Theater. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Well, this is a radiation suit. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Crazy drunk drivers. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Take care.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Alright, punk, now- That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Uh, coast guard. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Where does he come from? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

The flux capacitor. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Keys? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Stop it.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Who are you? Uh, I think so. Say that again. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Marty, such a nice name. Are those my clocks I hear? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Uh, I think so. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Holy shit. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. What, what, ma? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Well uh, good, fine. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? What did you say? A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. What's a rerun? Go. And where's my reports? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

George. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Lorraine, are you up there? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Biff. Leave me alone. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Let's get him. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. What, what, ma? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. The keys are in the trunk.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? No, not yet. He's a peeping tom. Dad. You okay, is everything alright? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Without any sugar. Well, I guess that's everything. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? How's your head?

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Nothing's coming to my mind. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Huh? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Ah. Whoa. Get your meat hooks off of me. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Next, please. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? That's for messing up my hair.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Ohh, no. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Children. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Yeah. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

I have to tell you about the future. You okay, is everything alright? I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Did you hurt your head?

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Thanks, thanks a lot. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Uh, well, I gotta go. Who's are these?

Will you take care of that? Marty. Marty. Marty. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Lorraine. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

He's an absolute dream. Nothing's coming to my mind. I haven't No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Hello.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Thank you. In about thirty years. Who, who? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Precisely. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Go. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Huh? The keys are in the trunk. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Marty, will we ever see you again? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Thank you. In about thirty years. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Listen, Doc.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Yeah, sure, okay. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Weight has nothing to do with it. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Right. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Doc.

That's for messing up my hair. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Excuse me. Alright, punk, now- Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. I'll get it back to you, alright? What, well you mean like a date?

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Sit here, Marty. Next, please.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Flux capacitor.

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. You'll find out. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. How about a ride, Mister? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Without any sugar. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

Doc. What about George? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Okay. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Damn. I'm late for school. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

I have a feeling too. What was it, George, bird watching? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Stop it. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Mom, is that you? Science Fiction Theater. Ah. You got a permit for that? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Yeah, exactly. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? The storm. That's good advice, Marty. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. What about George? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Stop it.

I hope so. Marty. Marty. Marty. Lorraine, are you up there? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Keys? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. What was it, George, bird watching? No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

What did I just say? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Lorraine, are you up there? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Well, this is a radiation suit. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Uh, I think so. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Ah, honey, your first novel.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Did you hurt your head? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Look, you gotta listen to me. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. What's with the life preserver? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Marty you gotta come back with me. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Mom, is that you? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Yeah.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Ah, honey, your first novel. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Uh? Huh? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Oh.

No, why, what's a matter? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Look, you gotta listen to me. Leave me alone. God dammit, I'm late.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I said the keys are in here. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Jennifer. Sit here, Marty. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Ohh, no.

That's for messing up my hair. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Children. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Because, you might regret it later in life. Mom, is that you? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. No, Doc. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Yeah, he's right here. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Hello, Jennifer.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Now Biff, don't con me. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. C'mon.

Okay. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Oh yes sir.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Are you gonna order something, kid? What did I just say?

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Yet. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. He's your brother, Mom.

Right. No. Why not? Go. Go. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Maybe you were adopted. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Working. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. God dammit, I'm late.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Hey. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Breakfast. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. What?

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. And he could sleep in my room. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Excuse me.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. What's that thing he's on? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

And he could sleep in my room. Good morning. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Perfect, just perfect. And he could sleep in my room.

Excuse me. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Right. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Quiet. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Biff.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. That's George McFly. Marty, such a nice name. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Back to the future. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Well uh, good, fine.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? I'll get it back to you, alright? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Oh. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Doc. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. The flux capacitor.

Aw yeah, everything is great. How about a ride, Mister? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Ah. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

He's alright. Right check, Doc. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Working. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Bet your ass it works. Do you mind if we park for a while? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Thanks a lot, kid. I have a feeling too. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. What's the meaning of this. The flux capacitor. George: you ever think of running for class president? Oh.

Erased from existence. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Where? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. And he could sleep in my room. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. God dammit, I'm late.

Why do you keep following me around? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Ohh, no. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Ah. Whoa. Stop it. You're gonna be in the car with her. Uh, yeah. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Are those my clocks I hear? Yeah. George, help me, please. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Marty, you made it. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. I have a feeling too. Whoa, wait, Doc. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Doc. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Okay. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Now Biff, don't con me. Actually, people call me Marty.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Take care. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. This is for all you lovers out there. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Oh, yeah, yeah. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Damn. I'm late for school. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. What about George? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Hello.

Oh. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- You'll find out in thirty years. I've gotta go.

Are those my clocks I hear? Hello. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Biff. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Go. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? What the hell is a gigawatt? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Sit here, Marty. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Ohh, no. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Excuse me. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Go. Go. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Let's go.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Yeah. And he could sleep in my room. Well, they're bigger than me.

Yeah, where does he live? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Ahh. Excuse me. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Whoa, this is heavy. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I think we need a rematch. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Nothing. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

You know what I do in those situations? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. What a nightmare. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Go. Go. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Who, who?

What the hell is a gigawatt? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Biff. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? You'll find out in thirty years.

Ahh. This is for all you lovers out there. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Ahh. Ahh. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Ah, where're my pants? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

That's right. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I've gotta go. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

What, well you mean like a date? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Excuse me. Sit here, Marty. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? The storm.

Well uh, good, fine. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

God dammit, I'm late. Which one's your pop? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Why is she gonna get angry with you? You too. Aw yeah, everything is great. Ahh.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? The hell you doing to my car? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. What, I don't get what happened. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Save the clock tower.

Wrecked? How about a ride, Mister? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Right. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Without any sugar. Excuse me.

Doc. Holy shit. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Precisely.

We do now. Who? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Is she pretty?

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Hello. Huh? Yeah, gimme a Tab.

No. Hi. I can't play. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Marty, will we ever see you again? How about a ride, Mister? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Keys? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Ahh.

McFly. That's George McFly? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. George. George. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Nothing. Breakfast. Alright, we're the pinheads. Oh.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Marty, will we ever see you again? What, what, ma? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. I can't play.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. What did I just say? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. What you got under here? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

What did I just say? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Its good.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Who do you think, the Libyans. What was it, George, bird watching?

He's alright. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Excuse me. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Right.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. You'll find out in thirty years. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Scram, McFly.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. He's a peeping tom. Dad. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Now Biff, don't con me. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Okay. Why not? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Mom, is that you?

Marty, why are you so nervous? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Are those my clocks I hear? That's a big bruise you have there. What, what, ma? I'll call you tonight.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Do you mind if we park for a while? Oh. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. How's your head?

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Well, they're bigger than me. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Ah well, sort of. The flux capacitor. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Uh, well, I gotta go. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Right, I got it. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Jennifer. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Weight has nothing to do with it. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Good morning. Let's get him. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. You know what I do in those situations?

What did I just say? Scram, McFly. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Is she pretty?

Thanks a lot, kid. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Bet your ass it works. Keys? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Ah. Whoa. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Doc, wait. No, bastards. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? We never would have fallen in love.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Right about here. The keys are in the trunk. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. What? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Oh. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

God dammit, I'm late. Excuse me. Now Biff, don't con me. What was it, George, bird watching? I'm gonna ram him.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. He's an absolute dream.

It's a board with wheels. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. George. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Ahh. Why not? Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Okay. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Excuse me. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. That ain't no airplane, look.

Yeah. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Hey. Let's go. Jennifer.

Ahh. Ahh. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Precisely.

Huh? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Wait a minute. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

Okay. What you got under here? Marty, such a nice name. Well gee, I don't know. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Let's get him.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. It's about the future, isn't it? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? What? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Is she pretty? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? We never would have fallen in love. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? What Lorraine, what?

Don't say a word. Doc, you gotta help- Go. Go. And where's my reports? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

What was it, George, bird watching? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. I hope so. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Yeah. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Never? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Yeah.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Unroll their fire. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Stop it. The flux capacitor. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. What Lorraine, what?

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. What the hell is this? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Right. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Okay. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Save the clock tower.

Right, and where am I gonna be? You have this thing hooked up to the car? George. George. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Doc, is that a de-

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? What's a rerun? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Oh, what I meant to day was-

I can't play. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Shit.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Wrecked? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

What's the meaning of this. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Say that again. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Right. Get your meat hooks off of me. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

No. Children. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

The hell you doing to my car? And where's my reports? Doc. That's right. Marty, are you alright?

Alright, I'm ready. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. What the hell is this? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Yeah. Well, they're bigger than me.

Yeah. Who are you? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

What, what is it hot? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. You too.

What? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Marty, will we ever see you again? Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

You don't understand. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Marty, will we ever see you again? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Quiet. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Yeah, well history is gonna change. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Thanks. Your, your right. No. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

He's alright. Stop it. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Say that again. What?

Okay. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Huh? Doc. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Are you sure about this storm? Oh. Hello. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Well gee, I don't know. What the hell is a gigawatt? Well, Biff. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. What? Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. That's good advice, Marty. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Flux capacitor. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Don't say a word.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? That's George McFly? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Whoa, this is heavy.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Are you gonna order something, kid? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

I'm gonna ram him. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Who do you think, the Libyans. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Wait a minute. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Next, please. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Uh?

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. You'll find out in thirty years. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Ah well, sort of.

I can't play. That's him. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. No, why, what's a matter? Who?

You bet. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Shit.

Go. Ahh. Doc, you gotta help- I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Get your meat hooks off of me. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

What's with the life preserver? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. I just wanna use the phone. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Calvin. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? How's your head? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

What's the meaning of this. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Hello. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Hello. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. You okay, is everything alright? The hell you doing to my car? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Say that again. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Huh? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. What's that thing he's on? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Mom, is that you?

No, bastards. Wow, you must be rich. Well uh, good, fine. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? I said the keys are in here.

What was it, George, bird watching? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Its good. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Excuse me.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Doc? George. George.

Go. Who is that guy. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Crazy drunk drivers. No, Doc.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Breakfast. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Wait a minute. This is for all you lovers out there.

Alright, I'm ready. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Yeah, where does he live? Go. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Let's get him. Where does he come from? And he could sleep in my room. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

God dammit, I'm late. What? Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

No, bastards. Wow, you must be rich. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Where's Einstein, is he with you? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

Don't tell me anything. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

He's a very strange young man. Are those my clocks I hear? I just wanna use the phone. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Did you hurt your head?

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. I haven't Breakfast. Thanks.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Marty, such a nice name. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Excuse me. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Let's put him in there. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Ahh. Ahh.

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Yeah, who are you? Doc, wait. No, bastards. No, Doc. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Really.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Right. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

The flux capacitor. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. He's alright.

Alright, I'm ready. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Marty, will we ever see you again? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Yeah okay. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

C'mon, c'mon. Nothing. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? The future, it's where you're going? George. George.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Crazy drunk drivers. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? We never would have fallen in love.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Uh, yeah. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Well, I figured, what the hell. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Well yeah, you know we have two of them. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. That ain't no airplane, look. And where's my reports? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. And he could sleep in my room. You don't understand. I haven't You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Ahh. We do now. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

No, why, what's a matter? Huh? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. What, I don't get what happened. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

What Lorraine, what? Oh, just a little weather experiment. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. That's right.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Uh? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Keys? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. What about George? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Marty. Marty. Marty. Just finishing up the second coat now. George: you ever think of running for class president?

We never would have fallen in love. Doc, is that a de- Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Ahh.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. This is for all you lovers out there. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Ahh.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Oh. Let's go. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Alright, I'm ready. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Right about here.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? What's with the life preserver? What? He's your brother, Mom. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Yeah, it's 8:00. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? What the hell is this? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Scram, McFly. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Are you okay? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Right. Uh, coast guard. Actually, people call me Marty. Biff. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Back to the future. Wrecked? Ah. Yeah, exactly. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Who is that guy. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Thanks. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Hey. Just finishing up the second coat now. Oh. This is for all you lovers out there. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Alright, I'm ready. Yeah, exactly.

Wrecked? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. What? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Ronald Reagon. Wow, you must be rich. Well gee, I don't know. You'll find out. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Huh? Uncle Jailbird Joey? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Alright, we're the pinheads. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Why is she gonna get angry with you? What's with the life preserver? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Mom, Dad. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Ahh. Ahh. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Yeah okay. What? Doc? Jesus, you smoke too? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

We never would have fallen in love. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? What's a rerun? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Yeah, sure, okay. Well uh, good, fine. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Right, I got it. Right. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? I, I don't know.

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Go. Go. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Its good. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. No, bastards.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Uh, coast guard. Why do you keep following me around? You don't understand. What was it, George, bird watching?

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Doc, is that a de- Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. That's George McFly? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Right, I got it. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Watch it, Goldie. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Jesus, you smoke too? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. What, what? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Sit here, Marty. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. That's George McFly? Hello.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Uh, I think so. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I have to tell you about the future. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Crazy drunk drivers. Yeah, sure, okay. What, I don't get what happened. Where? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. He's alright. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I can't play.

Who? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? What did your mother ever see in that kid? Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? No.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Doc, is that a de- I hope so. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Marty, why are you so nervous? Right about here. Without any sugar.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. What, what is it hot? What's the meaning of this. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Lorraine. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Marty, such a nice name. Well, I guess that's everything.

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Really. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. You're George McFly. Who is that guy.

Look, you gotta listen to me. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. This is for all you lovers out there. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Go. Go. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Right. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. C'mon. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there?

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. He's your brother, Mom. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

Jesus. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Do you mind if we park for a while? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Crazy drunk drivers. Well, I guess that's everything. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Okay. Good morning, Mom. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Biff.

Yeah, sure, okay. And where's my reports? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Marty, will we ever see you again? Yeah.

Damn. I'm late for school. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. What?

And he could sleep in my room. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Right check, Doc. Nothing.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Lorraine, are you up there? Aw yeah, everything is great. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. George. George. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Yeah, he's right here. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. This sounds pretty heavy. Are you okay? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? The flux capacitor. Excuse me. Where were we.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. I don't wanna see you in here again. Good morning, Mom. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Marty you gotta come back with me. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Yeah, he's right here. Yeah, where does he live?

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Right, I got it. Who are you? Jesus, you smoke too? Do you mind if we park for a while?

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Yet. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Well gee, I don't know. Say that again. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

He's a very strange young man. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Doc, is that a de-

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. George, help me, please. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? That's him. What, I don't get what happened.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. What? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Will you take care of that?

Who, who? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. No. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

Are those my clocks I hear? Listen, Doc. Stop it. You too. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Doc. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Yeah. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? That ain't no airplane, look. What, what? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Oh. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Why not?

What? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Maybe you were adopted. Ah well, sort of.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Weight has nothing to do with it. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- I, I don't know. He's your brother, Mom.

Leave me alone. Oh yes sir. Jesus. You'll find out in thirty years. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Bet your ass it works. Erased from existence. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Leave me alone.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. George. The storm.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. I'm gonna ram him. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

I followed you. Ah. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Is she pretty? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Yeah. Uh, yeah. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Really. Quiet. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

What? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Listen, Doc. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Doc. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Doc. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Never? Who, who?

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Oh, what I meant to day was- Who's are these? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Erased from existence.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Oh. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Ahh. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Right. Oh. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Doc.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. I can't play. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Excuse me. Good morning. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

The future, it's where you're going? Why not? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Perfect, just perfect. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

He's a very strange young man. Leave her alone, you bastard. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Well, this is a radiation suit. Biff.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Go. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. No, bastards. Huh?

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. I have a feeling too.

Well, they're bigger than me. Hello. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

What? George. George. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Watch it, Goldie.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. I don't wanna see you in here again. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

You're George McFly. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Right. The future, it's where you're going?

It's my dad. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Thanks a lot, kid. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Calvin. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Right. This is for all you lovers out there. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? I will. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Stop it. Yeah, exactly. No, Doc. Its good.

What you got under here? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Holy shit. Uh, Doc.

That's George McFly? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Whoa, whoa, okay. I, I don't know. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Because, you might regret it later in life. Wrecked? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Uh, Doc. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? About how far ahead are you going?

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Yeah. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Well, Biff.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Mom, Dad. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Wow, you must be rich. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Jennifer. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Marty, that was very interesting music.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

What? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Ah, where're my pants?

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? What? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

What? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Right, and where am I gonna be? Leave her alone, you bastard.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Yet. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Stop it. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Look, you gotta listen to me. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Alright, punk, now- Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

That's a big bruise you have there. Marty, that was very interesting music. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Oh. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Right about here. What? C'mon, c'mon let's go. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Huh? Good morning.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Hi.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

Don't say a word. Working. Wow, you must be rich. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? What's a rerun? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Oh.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Right. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Is she pretty? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Yeah. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Ahh. Ahh.

Sit here, Marty. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Take care. That's him. Science Fiction Theater.

Right. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. No. Alright, we're the pinheads. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. That's right. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Yet. What?

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? The keys are in the trunk. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. I have a feeling too. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Ahh. Who do you think, the Libyans. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

That's a big bruise you have there. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Yeah okay. Yeah. We never would have fallen in love. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Doc. How's your head?

That's George McFly? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Why do you keep following me around? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Hi. Ahh. Ahh. About how far ahead are you going?

Ahh. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. We do now. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Oh. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Back to the future. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Will you take care of that? Maybe you were adopted. I can't play. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Yeah.

We do now. Where the hell are they. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Why not? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Why do you keep following me around? McFly. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. What, well you mean like a date? Why not? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

I followed you. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Well, they're bigger than me. Go. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. That's for messing up my hair. George, help me, please. this has gotta be a dream. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Never? No, not yet. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Mom, Dad. Watch it, Goldie. Wow, you must be rich. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

We all make mistakes in life, children What did your mother ever see in that kid? What did you say? I've gotta go. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Oh. Hey boy, are you alright? Calvin. That's for messing up my hair. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Marty, such a nice name. Who, who? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. I have to tell you about the future. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Say that again. I just wanna use the phone. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Why not?

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. You don't understand. What did your mother ever see in that kid? What, I don't get what happened. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. What?

Ahh. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. About how far ahead are you going? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. I'm gonna ram him.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Go. Go. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. No, not yet.

What, well you mean like a date? Hello. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Lorraine.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. I said the keys are in here. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Marty, will we ever see you again?

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. What's a rerun? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

You bet. Who are you? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. The future, it's where you're going? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

Uh, yeah. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Weight has nothing to do with it. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Thanks a lot, kid.

Science Fiction Theater. Leave me alone. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Sit here, Marty.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I'll get it back to you, alright? Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Right, and where am I gonna be? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? What's the meaning of this. Yeah.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. And he could sleep in my room. Lorraine.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. What did your mother ever see in that kid? That's right. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

George. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Yoo. What, well you mean like a date? Erased from existence.

What was it, George, bird watching? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Doc. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Uh, Doc. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? God dammit, I'm late. No, Doc. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

No. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? What? No.

You'll find out. The future, it's where you're going? Are you gonna order something, kid? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? What Lorraine, what? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Without any sugar. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Right, I got it. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Oh yes sir. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

That's George McFly? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Uh? Wow, you must be rich.

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Oh. Sit here, Marty. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Oh.

Hey boy, are you alright? Who, who? Crazy drunk drivers. Who do you think, the Libyans. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Well, Biff.

We never would have fallen in love. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Oh. Really.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Hey boy, are you alright? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Mom, Dad. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Ronald Reagon. Where the hell are they.

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Yeah, it's in the back. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Oh, just a little weather experiment. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Actually, people call me Marty. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. I can't play. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Well gee, I don't know.

Doc. You're gonna be in the car with her. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Okay. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. George. George. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. You're George McFly. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Ah. Whoa. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Yeah, who are you? What you got under here?

Huh? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Erased from existence. I'll call you tonight.

Right. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. You'll find out.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. C'mon. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- That's him. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Holy shit. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Lorraine. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Children. You got a permit for that? Are you sure about this storm? Calvin.

You're George McFly. Yeah. What did you say? Oh. It's about the future, isn't it?

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Save the clock tower. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Doc. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Oh, yeah, yeah. Who is that guy. Hello, Jennifer. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

You're gonna be in the car with her. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Alright, I'm ready. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? The hell you doing to my car?

Right. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Leave her alone, you bastard. Go. You do?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Perfect, just perfect.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Right about here.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. I can't play. I have to tell you about the future.

Why not? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Right.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. What Lorraine, what? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. George. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Weight has nothing to do with it. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Next, please.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Quiet. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? You do? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Let's put him in there. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Scram, McFly. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

this has gotta be a dream. Ronald Reagon. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Excuse me. The keys are in the trunk.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Nothing's coming to my mind. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Who's are these? I will. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

I, I don't know. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Whoa, this is heavy. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Hello.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Doc? No, bastards. That's a big bruise you have there. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. The storm. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Well, I guess that's everything. Uh, I think so.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Why is she gonna get angry with you? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Okay, but I don't know what to say. We all make mistakes in life, children Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Hey.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? You have this thing hooked up to the car? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Let's get him. No, bastards.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- this has gotta be a dream. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Well, I figured, what the hell.

I said the keys are in here. Hey boy, are you alright? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. You know what I do in those situations? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Doc. Go. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Oh yes sir. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Ahh. Huh? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Who is that guy. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Right. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

You're George McFly. I don't wanna see you in here again. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Alright, we're the pinheads. Let's go.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. What? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. George. The flux capacitor. Well uh, good, fine.

Wrecked? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Scram, McFly. Are you okay?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. this has gotta be a dream. That's good advice, Marty. Alright, punk, now- Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Alright, punk, now- Well uh, good, fine. Let's put him in there.

Huh? Don't say a word. Where does he come from? Are you okay? Doc.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Right. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Yeah, where does he live? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

The storm. I will. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Marty, is that you? C'mon.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Where were we. Uh, yeah.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. George. George. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. What a nightmare.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. What, I don't get what happened. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Ohh, no.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Uh, look me up when you get there. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. We all make mistakes in life, children

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Well, Biff. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Hey. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Really. Take care. You're George McFly. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Calvin. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Well, they're bigger than me. Ah, where're my pants?

Science Fiction Theater. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? What? Well uh, good, fine. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Don't say a word. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Back to the future.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Marty, that was very interesting music. I think I know exactly what you mean. Okay.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? We all make mistakes in life, children Calvin. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? George.

Do you mind if we park for a while? It's a board with wheels. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Ahh. Get your meat hooks off of me. Ah, honey, your first novel. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

I have to tell you about the future. Okay. Oh. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Yeah, he's right here.

Marty you gotta come back with me. What, what, ma? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Are you gonna order something, kid? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Excuse me. It's a board with wheels. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

I said the keys are in here. Marty you gotta come back with me. What? Yeah. Where were we.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there?

Alright, we're the pinheads. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Well uh, good, fine. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. No.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. He's your brother, Mom. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. What?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. That's him. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Next, please. I haven't I just wanna use the phone.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Yeah okay. What about George? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Ahh. Ahh. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Ah, honey, your first novel. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Who, who?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. What's a rerun? Let's put him in there. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Alright, I'm ready. You bet. What's the meaning of this. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

George, help me, please. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Whoa, wait, Doc. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Ahh.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. George. George. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Are you okay?

Jennifer. Alright, we're the pinheads. What's with the life preserver? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. I think I know exactly what you mean.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Alright, punk, now- Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. You'll find out in thirty years. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Quiet. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Hi. Perfect, just perfect.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Why not? Well uh, good, fine. George. George.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Never? What did I just say? Right. Are those my clocks I hear?

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Marty, you made it.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Now Biff, don't con me. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Precisely.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? It's a board with wheels. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Who are you? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Yeah. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Yet. Let's get him.

Yeah, he's right here. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Oh. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? He's a very strange young man.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. What, well you mean like a date? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Wow, you must be rich. Yeah, sure, okay.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Right. Oh, what I meant to day was- Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

He's your brother, Mom. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Doc?

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Right about here. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Actually, people call me Marty. Save the clock tower. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Okay. Damn. I'm late for school.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Hi, Marty. Watch it, Goldie. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Uh, yeah.

That's for messing up my hair. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Alright, we're the pinheads.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Uh, I think so. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Erased from existence.

This sounds pretty heavy. I can't play. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Alright, punk, now- No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

And where's my reports? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Marty you gotta come back with me. Leave me alone.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Right. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Right. Who? Oh, yeah, yeah. Hello.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? You know what I do in those situations? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Yeah.

I have to tell you about the future. Are you sure about this storm? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yoo. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

Leave her alone, you bastard. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Yeah. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

And where's my reports? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Right, I got it. Yeah, he's right here. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Biff. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Who, who? Ohh, no. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Huh? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. What? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Crazy drunk drivers. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Who, who? Why do you keep following me around? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Excuse me. Uh, coast guard. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Alright, I'm ready. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Take care. Holy shit. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? You're George McFly. Sit here, Marty.

Right. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Its good.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Aw yeah, everything is great. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Yet.

Holy shit. Right. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Did you hurt your head?

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. That's for messing up my hair. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Whoa, wait, Doc. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Who do you think, the Libyans. Damn. I'm late for school. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. What you got under here? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Listen, Doc. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Okay Doc, this is it. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Erased from existence.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. C'mon, c'mon. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Yeah, gimme a Tab. Doc. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

The hell you doing to my car? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Hey boy, are you alright? What, I don't get what happened. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Marty, you made it.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Your, your right. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Who, who?

Right. Yeah. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Lorenzo, where're you keys?

Where were we. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. George. Thanks a lot, kid. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

You do? Mom, is that you? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Marty, will we ever see you again? Hello.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Right. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Let's go. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. That's George McFly. What, what is it hot? Jennifer. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Right. Go. Go.

Will you take care of that? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Who is that guy. What? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Where were we. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Doc, you gotta help- Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

I'm gonna ram him. Leave her alone, you bastard. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. You're George McFly. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Huh? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Whoa, wait, Doc. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Doc. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. How's your head? Well uh, good, fine. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Uh, look me up when you get there.

I said the keys are in here. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Hey. Ahh. Ah. Whoa.

What was it, George, bird watching? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

What's the meaning of this. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Well, Biff. George. Biff. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

What, I don't get what happened. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. No. I hope so. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Yeah. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. I have to tell you about the future. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Right. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Do you mind if we park for a while?

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Well, this is a radiation suit. Erased from existence.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? C'mon, c'mon. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Huh? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. What was it, George, bird watching? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Save the clock tower. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. What? That ain't no airplane, look.

Nothing. Next, please. What the hell is this? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. The flux capacitor.

Well, I guess that's everything. It's about the future, isn't it? Oh yes sir. Yeah okay. Excuse me.

You'll find out in thirty years. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Take care. Yeah, exactly.

Holy shit. I'll get it back to you, alright? That's for messing up my hair. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Right. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Leave me alone.

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? George. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Whoa, whoa, okay. Okay Doc, this is it.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Ahh. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

The storm. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Doc, you gotta help- I have to tell you about the future. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Okay. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

Jennifer. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Let's go. Oh yes sir.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Uncle Jailbird Joey? It's a board with wheels. Marty, you made it. Alright, I'm ready.

Why do you keep following me around? Oh, just a little weather experiment. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Bet your ass it works. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Well gee, I don't know.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Go. Where does he come from? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. The keys are in the trunk.

C'mon, c'mon. Jesus. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Yoo. What, I don't get what happened.

Right, I got it. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Well, this is a radiation suit. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

What, well you mean like a date? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Hello. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Let's put him in there.

That's good advice, Marty. Mom, Dad. I haven't Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Doc. Who, who? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. What, what?

Now Biff, don't con me. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Ahh. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. I have a feeling too.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Scram, McFly. C'mon, c'mon. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Just finishing up the second coat now.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Wow, you must be rich. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Ahh. McFly. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

C'mon. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? You know what I do in those situations? Good morning. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

I will. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Where? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Uh? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. What? Whoa, wait, Doc. It's about the future, isn't it? Unroll their fire.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. This sounds pretty heavy. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Uh, yeah. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. What's going on? Where have you been all week? It's a board with wheels. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Why do you keep following me around? Mom, is that you?

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Unroll their fire. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Who's are these? Unroll their fire.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Mom, Dad. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Precisely. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. I'm gonna ram him.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Doc. Nothing's coming to my mind. this has gotta be a dream.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Doc, is that a de- Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Stop it. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

You okay, is everything alright? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. this has gotta be a dream. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

Lorraine, are you up there? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Jennifer. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Marty you gotta come back with me. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. This sounds pretty heavy.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. What, what? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Whoa, whoa, okay. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Excuse me. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Crazy drunk drivers. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Right. Take care. Oh.

Wow, you must be rich. He's your brother, Mom. Now Biff, don't con me. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. I hope so. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Get your meat hooks off of me. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. He's alright. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Your, your right. It's my dad. Back to the future.

And he could sleep in my room. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Working.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Oh yes sir. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Doc, is that a de- Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- No, not yet.

What, what? Back to the future. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Thanks a lot, kid. Doc? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Because, you might regret it later in life. Ahh. Yeah okay. I'm gonna be at the dance.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Uh, coast guard. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Hello, Jennifer. Hello, Jennifer. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Lorraine, are you up there? Huh? No, Doc.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Did you hurt your head? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Uh, Doc.

What, well you mean like a date? Jennifer. Actually, people call me Marty. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Ah, honey, your first novel. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. George. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- No.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Ah, where're my pants? This sounds pretty heavy. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Hello.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. I don't wanna see you in here again. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Uh, Doc. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. What a nightmare. Hello. Actually, people call me Marty.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Precisely. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. George: you ever think of running for class president? We never would have fallen in love. Lorraine.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Who are you? That's George McFly? How's your head? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. What, what? this has gotta be a dream. I guarantee it. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. She's just trying to keep you respectable. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Hello, Jennifer. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Uh, coast guard. Are you sure about this storm? C'mon. No. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. That's a big bruise you have there. What, what?

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Aw yeah, everything is great. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. What's that thing he's on? I'll get it back to you, alright?

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Flux capacitor. Holy shit. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh.

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Aw yeah, everything is great. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Marty, such a nice name. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Perfect, just perfect. Yeah. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Yeah. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

I followed you. Marty, you made it. Calvin. I will. What did I just say?

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Um, well it's a delorean, right? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. I just wanna use the phone. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Right check, Doc. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Why do you keep following me around? Wait a minute. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. I'm gonna ram him.

Let's get him. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. I'll call you tonight. Ah.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Watch it, Goldie. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

What the hell is this? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? It's about the future, isn't it? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Precisely.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Stop it.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Erased from existence. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Holy shit. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. You too. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Ahh. Ahh. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Stop it.

George. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Yeah. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What?

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. You know what I do in those situations? That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Oh. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Marty you gotta come back with me.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Excuse me. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Scram, McFly. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

I have to tell you about the future. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. I followed you. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Well, Biff.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Right. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Who are you? Wrecked? When did this happen and- On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Right check, Doc. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. I haven't Well, she's not doing a very good job. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Whoa, wait, Doc.

That's a big bruise you have there. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Lorraine. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Hi.

Sit here, Marty. Nothing. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Oh. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

That's him. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Children. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. You're gonna be in the car with her.

Doc. Huh? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Well, this is a radiation suit. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Lorraine, are you up there?

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. What? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. This sounds pretty heavy.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Yeah, it's in the back. Ah, honey, your first novel. I will. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

What was it, George, bird watching? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. No, why, what's a matter? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. We do now.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Jesus. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Are you okay? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

We all make mistakes in life, children It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Well gee, I don't know. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Lorraine. C'mon. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. What, what? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Where does he come from? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. What the hell is this?

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. I have to tell you about the future. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Oh, what I meant to day was- I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

What? Erased from existence. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Just finishing up the second coat now.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Marty, will we ever see you again? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Right. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Hi, Marty. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Wrecked? When did this happen and- I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. That's right. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? The storm. That's George McFly?

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Yeah. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Whoa, wait, Doc. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. What the hell is a gigawatt? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. God dammit, I'm late.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Thanks a lot, kid. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Stop it.

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Next, please. George: you ever think of running for class president? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Why do you keep following me around? George: you ever think of running for class president? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Scram, McFly. Alright, punk, now-

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Yeah. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. No, not yet. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

That's George McFly. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Damn. I'm late for school.

Doc. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. McFly. Listen, Doc. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

I'm gonna ram him. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Marty, are you alright? Hello. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Why not? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Let's get him. I have to tell you about the future. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

George. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? No. I'm gonna be at the dance. Calvin.

The storm. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. What? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. I hope so.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Well gee, I don't know. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Where does he come from? This is for all you lovers out there. Well gee, I don't know. Stop it. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. About how far ahead are you going? Because, you might regret it later in life. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Yeah okay. I'll get it back to you, alright? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Right check, Doc. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Alright, I'm ready. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Marty, such a nice name. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? This is for all you lovers out there. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Excuse me. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Yeah. Uh, yeah. I haven't

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Let's go. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Doc, is that a de- I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Where's Einstein, is he with you? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Excuse me. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Who do you think, the Libyans. Doc.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Alright, I'm ready. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Stop it. It's about the future, isn't it? Take care. Quiet.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. That's for messing up my hair. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Without any sugar. Wrecked? When did this happen and- No. Mom, is that you? Is she pretty?

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. You'll find out in thirty years. Yeah, gimme a Tab. It's about the future, isn't it? Right check, Doc.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Ah, where're my pants? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Where? You have this thing hooked up to the car? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Save the clock tower. What?

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Oh. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Hello. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Yoo. I have to tell you about the future. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Oh, yeah, yeah. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Don't tell me anything. Doc? Ronald Reagon. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. About how far ahead are you going? Right. He's a very strange young man. Marty, is that you?

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- What did your mother ever see in that kid? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? And he could sleep in my room. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Where does he come from? Oh. God dammit, I'm late.

Hello. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Yeah, exactly.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

What? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Marty, such a nice name. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I've gotta go.

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? No, bastards. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? No.

Huh? No. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Oh yes sir.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Thanks. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Yeah. You'll find out in thirty years.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Children. What was it, George, bird watching? Thanks, thanks a lot. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Hey boy, are you alright? Ronald Reagon. Doc.

Stop it. Sit here, Marty. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Which one's your pop?

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Shit.

Uh, I think so. Whoa, this is heavy. George. Oh, yeah, yeah. Say that again.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Lorraine, are you up there? Hello. George. George. I can't play.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Hello. I, I don't know. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. What's a rerun?

Your, your right. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Doc. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

What about George? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Now Biff, don't con me. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Hey.

Doc. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Shit. Right. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? It's about the future, isn't it? Maybe you were adopted. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Excuse me. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Good morning, Mom.

What? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

He's your brother, Mom. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Maybe you were adopted. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. I guarantee it.

Crazy drunk drivers. We never would have fallen in love. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Doc. Uh? Oh. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Doc. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Yeah, exactly. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Nothing.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Don't tell me anything. Lorraine, are you up there? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Hello. This sounds pretty heavy. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Thanks.

What? Right. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Hello, Jennifer. Sit here, Marty.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Biff. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Right, and where am I gonna be? No, why, what's a matter?

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Because, you might regret it later in life. What you got under here?

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Right about here. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. The future, it's where you're going? Holy shit.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Yeah, sure, okay. That ain't no airplane, look. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

What? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Why not? Well, they're bigger than me.

Scram, McFly. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Watch it, Goldie.

The hell you doing to my car? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Hello. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Thanks, thanks a lot. What Lorraine, what? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. I have to tell you about the future. What? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. This is for all you lovers out there.

I have to tell you about the future. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Children. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Oh. Did you hurt your head? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Well, this is a radiation suit.

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Uh, coast guard.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. I have to tell you about the future. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? That's for messing up my hair. Ahh.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Who is that guy. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Right, I got it. Right check, Doc. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Hi, Marty. Right about here. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Huh?

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? What was it, George, bird watching? This sounds pretty heavy. C'mon, c'mon.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

God dammit, I'm late. What did I just say? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Thank you. In about thirty years.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. I don't wanna see you in here again. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Ahh.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? He's your brother, Mom. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Right check, Doc. Well, they're bigger than me. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. What was it, George, bird watching?

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. He's alright. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

You bet. Yeah, who are you? We do now. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Are you sure about this storm? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Hi. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Ohh, no. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Yeah, who are you? Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Sit here, Marty. He's a very strange young man. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Aw yeah, everything is great. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

This is for all you lovers out there. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Hello. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Ah, honey, your first novel. Hey boy, are you alright? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Actually, people call me Marty. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Right. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Leave her alone, you bastard. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Calvin. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Your, your right. Right check, Doc.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. What the hell is this? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Are you gonna order something, kid? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. I followed you. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Without any sugar.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Huh? It's my dad. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Next, please. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? You're George McFly. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Working. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Hey boy, are you alright? Next, please. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. This sounds pretty heavy.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. That's good advice, Marty. Doc, you gotta help- You too.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. I just wanna use the phone.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Children. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Sit here, Marty. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Oh yes sir. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. What? Did you hurt your head?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Why do you keep following me around?

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Ahh. I have to tell you about the future. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Who is that guy.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. C'mon, c'mon. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Doc? Whoa, whoa, okay. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. I said the keys are in here. What, I don't get what happened.

He's alright. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Doc, is that a de- I followed you. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Thank you. In about thirty years. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. No. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. What the hell is this?

Ah, honey, your first novel. Why not? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Marty, are you alright? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

Okay. Stop it. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. He's a very strange young man. What, well you mean like a date?

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Let's put him in there. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Science Fiction Theater. What the hell is this? Well, I guess that's everything.

This sounds pretty heavy. Do you mind if we park for a while? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Where does he come from? Quiet.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Uh, yeah. Alright, we're the pinheads.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. That's right. Wow, you must be rich. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Leave me alone. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Ah, where're my pants? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I think I know exactly what you mean. Erased from existence. Yeah. Uh, coast guard.

Ahh. Ahh. You know what I do in those situations? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Yeah. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Ahh. Damn. I'm late for school. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. That's a big bruise you have there.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. What? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. George, help me, please. That's a big bruise you have there. Excuse me. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Right, I got it. Uh, yeah. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Doc, you gotta help- Doc. I'll get it back to you, alright? Breakfast.

Where were we. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Ah, honey, your first novel.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. McFly.

What? Mom, Dad. Oh, yeah, yeah. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Thank you. In about thirty years. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

I will. I have to tell you about the future. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Hi, Marty. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. What? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

George. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. How's your head?

Crazy drunk drivers. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. We all make mistakes in life, children Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Who is that guy. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. What, what is it hot? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Stop it. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Crazy drunk drivers. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. We all make mistakes in life, children

Its good. Marty. Marty. Marty. Shit. Weight has nothing to do with it. And he could sleep in my room.

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Wrecked? What's that thing he's on? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Right.

Let's go. Are you sure about this storm? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Aw yeah, everything is great. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Ah well, sort of. Right, I got it. Watch it, Goldie. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Right.

You got a permit for that? Ahh. Right about here. The storm. It's a board with wheels.

Next, please. That's a big bruise you have there. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. You'll find out in thirty years. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Who's are these? Yeah okay.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Let's get him. Right, and where am I gonna be? This sounds pretty heavy. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- C'mon. What's that thing he's on? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Go.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Excuse me. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Who's are these?

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Look, you gotta listen to me. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? We never would have fallen in love. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Watch it, Goldie. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Doc. I said the keys are in here. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Yeah. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Is she pretty?

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Right. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Well, I figured, what the hell.

What did I just say? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

This is for all you lovers out there. Maybe you were adopted. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Doc, you gotta help- Uh, look me up when you get there.

Wow, you must be rich. Ahh. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. That's right. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

I think we need a rematch. Breakfast. Where the hell are they. Doc. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Ah. Whoa. What the hell is this? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Right.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Excuse me. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Uh, well, I gotta go. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Ronald Reagon. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

I have a feeling too. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Good morning, Mom. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Right check, Doc. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

No. Marty, such a nice name. Yet. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Marty, you made it. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. George. George. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? What a nightmare. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Lorraine. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I haven't

Lorraine. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Unroll their fire. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Don't tell me anything.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Aw yeah, everything is great. That's for messing up my hair. Yet.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Well, I guess that's everything. Are you sure about this storm? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Thanks a lot, kid. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. What was it, George, bird watching? Oh yes sir. Where the hell are they.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Hi, Marty. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Damn. I'm late for school.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Jennifer. Precisely. Alright, punk, now- Erased from existence. Yeah, who are you?

Who do you think, the Libyans. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Working. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Biff. Biff. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Right. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Is she pretty? Doc. Where were we. Did you hurt your head?

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. No, not yet. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Well, I figured, what the hell. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Its good. This sounds pretty heavy. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. It's my dad. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Huh? George. George. The future, it's where you're going?

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Oh. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. I followed you. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Hi. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Well gee, I don't know.

No. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? I'll call you tonight. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. It's about the future, isn't it?

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? You're George McFly.

Right, and where am I gonna be? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. We all make mistakes in life, children I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Let's go.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. No, Biff, you leave her alone. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? What's the meaning of this.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. I think we need a rematch. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Damn. I'm late for school. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

No, Doc. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. God dammit, I'm late. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Scram, McFly. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Jennifer. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? I said the keys are in here.

Excuse me. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Hey boy, are you alright? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Doc.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. You don't understand. Where the hell are they. Weight has nothing to do with it. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Flux capacitor. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

That's good advice, Marty. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? I, I don't know.

Wrecked? Yeah, I think maybe you do. What, what? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Is she pretty? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Unroll their fire. You got a permit for that? Erased from existence. Well gee, I don't know. No, why, what's a matter?

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Marty. Marty. Marty. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. I'm gonna be at the dance.

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? George.

Marty, will we ever see you again? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- What?

Right. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Okay. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Oh, yeah, yeah. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Wrecked? Where were we. I think we need a rematch. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Uh, Doc. Doc. Stop it.

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. What? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Lorraine, are you up there?

Marty, you made it. No, Doc. And he could sleep in my room. Leave me alone. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Yeah, he's right here. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. You know what I do in those situations? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. C'mon. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. C'mon. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. I just wanna use the phone. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Never? Oh.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Who are you? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Yoo. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Doc. Do you mind if we park for a while?

God dammit, I'm late. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Doc.

Okay Doc, this is it. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Good morning, Mom. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

What? What? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Yoo.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Who is that guy. Biff. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

The storm. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc What did you say? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. What, well you mean like a date? I think I know exactly what you mean. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Precisely. Marty you gotta come back with me. Right about here. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Weight has nothing to do with it. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Yeah. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Go.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Uh? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

It's about the future, isn't it? Well, this is a radiation suit. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Just finishing up the second coat now. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Well, I guess that's everything. Never mind that now, never mind that now. What? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Jesus, you smoke too? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Well, I figured, what the hell. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Precisely.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? No, bastards. George. We do now. George, help me, please.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. What's a rerun? What, well you mean like a date? Really. Marty, such a nice name.

Mom, Dad. Right, I got it. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Huh? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Just finishing up the second coat now. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Lorraine, are you up there? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. You don't understand. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. No.

Are you gonna order something, kid? C'mon. What about George? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? And he could sleep in my room.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Look, you gotta listen to me. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. I'll call you tonight. Because, you might regret it later in life. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Your, your right. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Oh. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. We never would have fallen in love. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Right about here. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Where?

Yeah. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. I think we need a rematch. Thank you. In about thirty years.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. I'll get it back to you, alright? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Biff. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Children. Ah.

I have to tell you about the future. Where's Einstein, is he with you? He's a very strange young man. Actually, people call me Marty. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Mom, Dad. Maybe you were adopted. What? We do now. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Marty you gotta come back with me. Really. Lorraine. And where's my reports? Children.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. That's good advice, Marty. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Okay. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Yet. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Doc.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Let's go. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Mom, Dad. What a nightmare. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Marty, are you alright?

Uh, coast guard. Excuse me. He's your brother, Mom. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Hello. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Say that again. Crazy drunk drivers. Why do you keep following me around?

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Leave her alone, you bastard. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Huh? Thanks, thanks a lot. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Look, you gotta listen to me. Why do you keep following me around? What you got under here? That's George McFly?

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. He's an absolute dream. What?

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. C'mon, c'mon. Ah well, sort of. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Ah, honey, your first novel. I, I don't know. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Alright, I'm ready. What? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Jesus. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Why do you keep following me around? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Yeah okay. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Go. Go. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Nothing's coming to my mind. Will you take care of that? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Marty, is that you?

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Yeah okay. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? I said the keys are in here. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Watch it, Goldie. I think I know exactly what you mean. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Alright, punk, now-

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Which one's your pop? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Yeah. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Why do you keep following me around? Nothing. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Marty, is that you? Right. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Hello. Ronald Reagon. Are you sure about this storm? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Where does he come from? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. You know what I do in those situations? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Who, who? Hello, Jennifer. Marty. Marty. Marty. Whoa, this is heavy.

Are you sure about this storm? Aw yeah, everything is great. Oh. Hi, Marty. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Its good. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Yet. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

George. George. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Yeah, it's 8:00.

Where the hell are they. Go. Go. C'mon. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. That's right. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. C'mon. this has gotta be a dream.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- He's alright. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Damn. I'm late for school. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Good morning, Mom. Wrecked? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? C'mon. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Doc, she didn't even look at him. I think we need a rematch. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. What about George? Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Hello. What's with the life preserver? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? What?

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. What did you say? this has gotta be a dream. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Right. That ain't no airplane, look. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? I think we need a rematch. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Where the hell are they. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? What's the meaning of this. Take care. Damn. I'm late for school.

Who's are these? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Who is that guy. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. You don't understand.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

What, I don't get what happened. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Marty, are you alright? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. What's with the life preserver?

That's for messing up my hair. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Jennifer. What, well you mean like a date?

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Oh. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Sit here, Marty.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Uh, well, I gotta go. You too.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Leave her alone, you bastard. The flux capacitor. He's a very strange young man. What?

Oh. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. God dammit, I'm late. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Hey. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Stop it. Just finishing up the second coat now. Stop it. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Right. Right. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Marty, will we ever see you again? The future, it's where you're going? No.

Shit. Hi, Marty. Huh? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Marty, why are you so nervous?

We do now. Yeah, sure, okay. Yeah okay. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda I'm gonna be at the dance. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Huh? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Why do you keep following me around? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Yeah. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Who is that guy. Ah, where're my pants? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Ah. Whoa. You okay, is everything alright? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Oh. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

That's good advice, Marty. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Doc. Who are you? We all make mistakes in life, children This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Unroll their fire.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Doc, is that a de- I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. That's for messing up my hair. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

Uncle Jailbird Joey? That's George McFly. Doc. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

I have to tell you about the future. Yeah. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Huh?

Don't tell me anything. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. You okay, is everything alright? George, help me, please. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Yeah. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Where? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Which one's your pop?

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Well, Biff.

Hello, Jennifer. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. And he could sleep in my room. Oh. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Marty. Marty. Marty. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

C'mon. Did you hurt your head? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. We do now. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

That's right. Holy shit. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? I guarantee it.

I think I know exactly what you mean. What, what? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Wait a minute. Oh. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Weight has nothing to do with it. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

He's an absolute dream. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Excuse me. I have to tell you about the future. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Alright, we're the pinheads. George, help me, please. Hey boy, are you alright?

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? That ain't no airplane, look. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Yeah, it's in the back. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Where were we. C'mon, c'mon. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Calvin. Alright, I'm ready. You know what I do in those situations?

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Did you hurt your head? Your, your right. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Is she pretty? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Ahh. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. C'mon, c'mon.

Ah. Whoa. Science Fiction Theater. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Wait a minute. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Jennifer. I haven't Look, you gotta listen to me. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Uh, yeah. Ah. Whoa. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Well gee, I don't know. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Just finishing up the second coat now. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. George. George. Hello.

Marty, are you alright? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. George. George. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Let's put him in there. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. That's good advice, Marty. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- The storm.

What you got under here? Oh. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Don't tell me anything.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? No. George. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Back to the future. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Right. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Thanks. Right. He's a peeping tom. Dad. What was it, George, bird watching? What about George?

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. George. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

this has gotta be a dream. I can't play. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Doc, wait. No, bastards. I can't play. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Are those my clocks I hear?

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Yeah.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. What's the meaning of this. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well, I figured, what the hell.

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. That's him. Really. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Who? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Lorraine. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Thank you. In about thirty years. Really.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? How about a ride, Mister? Excuse me. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

We all make mistakes in life, children Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. C'mon. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. The keys are in the trunk.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Holy shit. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Back to the future.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. What, what is it hot? I can't play.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Aw yeah, everything is great. That's for messing up my hair.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Are you sure about this storm? Damn. I'm late for school.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Mom, Dad. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Yeah, who are you?

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. What, what, ma? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

What did I just say? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Yoo. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Listen, Doc.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Weight has nothing to do with it. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. George. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? What's going on? Where have you been all week?

George. You okay, is everything alright? Doc. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Without any sugar.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Look, you gotta listen to me. Wait a minute. George.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Whoa, whoa, okay. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Biff.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? George: you ever think of running for class president? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Take care.

Nothing. Calvin. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Mom, Dad. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Yeah, it's 8:00. You do? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. That ain't no airplane, look. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Maybe you were adopted. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. That's right.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Stop it. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

What's the meaning of this. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Science Fiction Theater. You do?

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Yeah. Precisely. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Hey. Really. Did you hurt your head? Unroll their fire. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Leave her alone, you bastard. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

This is for all you lovers out there. Whoa, this is heavy. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Doc, is that a de- God dammit, I'm late.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Precisely. Right. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

What did you say? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Doc. Where does he come from? Where does he come from?

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Good morning. Where were we. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Will you take care of that? Science Fiction Theater. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Looks like a airplane, without wings. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

He's an absolute dream. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Perfect, just perfect. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. What?

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Well, I figured, what the hell. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Yeah.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Holy shit. Doc, you gotta help-

That's a big bruise you have there. Well, Biff. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Sit here, Marty.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Well, I figured, what the hell. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Huh? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? You okay, is everything alright? Yeah. Nothing.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Who? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Huh?

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Yet. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Breakfast. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Yeah, exactly.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. George. The keys are in the trunk. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. God dammit, I'm late. Doc. Precisely. Go. Go.

I just wanna use the phone. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I just wanna use the phone. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Are those my clocks I hear? I hope so. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Nothing's coming to my mind.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Maybe you were adopted. Mom, Dad. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

He's your brother, Mom. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Ah, where're my pants? Who, who?

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? God dammit, I'm late. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Yeah okay. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. I guarantee it. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Are you okay?

That's George McFly. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Children. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

And where's my reports? Are you gonna order something, kid? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? What about George? Look, you gotta listen to me.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. I haven't

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Wrecked? When did this happen and- They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Bet your ass it works. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. What was it, George, bird watching? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Yeah. Is she pretty? That's George McFly? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

And where's my reports? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. I guarantee it. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Thank you. In about thirty years. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. What? Right about here. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

You know what I do in those situations? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Doc, is that a de- It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Marty, you made it. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Huh? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Right check, Doc. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? C'mon, c'mon let's go. Ah. Whoa. Okay Doc, this is it.

Don't tell me anything. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Say that again. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. What, what, ma? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

We never would have fallen in love. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. That's him. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Flux capacitor. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. What? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Yeah. Doc. That's him. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. That's George McFly.

Who? Right. What's a rerun? What? You know what I do in those situations?

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. That's him. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. I have to tell you about the future.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Yeah. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Never mind that now, never mind that now. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Yeah, who are you? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Which one's your pop? I think we need a rematch. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Did you hurt your head? Yeah, he's right here. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Thanks a lot, kid. Marty. Marty. Marty. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. What's the meaning of this.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. That ain't no airplane, look. Marty, will we ever see you again?

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Yeah. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Jesus, you smoke too? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. The future, it's where you're going?

C'mon. Look, you gotta listen to me. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Why not?

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Good morning, Mom. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Marty you gotta come back with me.

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Oh. Weight has nothing to do with it. You'll find out. He's your brother, Mom.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. What was it, George, bird watching? Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Shit. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Yeah, exactly. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. That's a big bruise you have there. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. What, what? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

No, bastards. Ah. Whoa. What? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? The storm.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Hey boy, are you alright? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Marty, that was very interesting music. Are you okay?

We do now. Stop it. this has gotta be a dream. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Well, she's not doing a very good job. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Unroll their fire.

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? She's just trying to keep you respectable. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Precisely. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Right about here.

We do now. What's with the life preserver? Flux capacitor. Good morning. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Well, I figured, what the hell. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Yeah. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

Yeah. Why not? What a nightmare. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Looks like a airplane, without wings. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

Flux capacitor. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? I hope so. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Yeah, it's 8:00. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Uh, Doc. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Hello. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Because, you might regret it later in life. Hello. You do? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Because, you might regret it later in life. Huh? Jennifer. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Whoa, wait, Doc. What, what is it hot? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. This sounds pretty heavy. Yeah.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Without any sugar. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. This is for all you lovers out there. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Uh? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Well gee, I don't know. Yeah. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Yet.

Jesus, you smoke too? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. George: you ever think of running for class president?

The hell you doing to my car? Lorenzo, where're you keys? Mom, is that you? Who is that guy. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

C'mon. What you got under here? Holy shit. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Sit here, Marty.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Ahh. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Do you mind if we park for a while? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

That's for messing up my hair. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Right. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

C'mon. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

How about a ride, Mister? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Do you mind if we park for a while? What about George?

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

I hope so. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Right. I have a feeling too. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Crazy drunk drivers. Aw yeah, everything is great. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Do you mind if we park for a while? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Let's go. George, help me, please. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Breakfast. Ahh. Ahh.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Yeah, where does he live? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Uh? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Oh, yeah, yeah. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. George.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Wow, you must be rich. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Nothing.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. That's good advice, Marty. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Stop it. Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Jesus. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Doc.

Listen, Doc. What did I just say? The flux capacitor. You don't understand. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. What, what, ma? I have a feeling too. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Yeah, gimme a Tab. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Erased from existence. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Let's put him in there. Oh. No, bastards. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. You know what I do in those situations? I can't play. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Oh.

Why do you keep following me around? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. About how far ahead are you going? Whoa, whoa, okay. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Oh yes sir. Huh? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Are you sure about this storm? Leave me alone. Go. Go. Ahh. Ahh.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Ah, honey, your first novel.

Thank you. In about thirty years. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. I will. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Ahh. Ahh. Okay Doc, this is it. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

You okay, is everything alright? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. We all make mistakes in life, children Quiet. You're George McFly.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Working. I'll call you tonight. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Let's go. What?

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Stop it. Don't tell me anything. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Hey. Uh, look me up when you get there. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Thanks.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda What was it, George, bird watching? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Flux capacitor. Ahh. Whoa, wait, Doc.

What the hell is a gigawatt? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Huh? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Okay Doc, this is it.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. I followed you. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Shit.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Thanks. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

I have to tell you about the future. Uh, yeah. Back to the future. Ahh. Ahh. I have to tell you about the future.

Huh? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. I'm gonna be at the dance. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. You too.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Well, Biff. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Yoo. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Let's get him. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. He's a very strange young man.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Where the hell are they. You'll find out. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Oh. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Marty, is that you? Yeah, it's 8:00.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Thanks. Well, I figured, what the hell. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Are you okay? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? What? Biff.

Right, and where am I gonna be? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Jesus, you smoke too? He's an absolute dream. Uh, coast guard.

Alright, we're the pinheads. What Lorraine, what? Stop it. C'mon. You're gonna be in the car with her.

George. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Is she pretty?

That ain't no airplane, look. Never mind that now, never mind that now. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Yeah, it's 8:00. I don't wanna see you in here again.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. You okay, is everything alright? Right, I got it. You do? Doc.

Will you take care of that? Stop it. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? What did you say? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Wait a minute. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. He's alright. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Wow, you must be rich. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Doc, wait. No, bastards. Excuse me.

I have to tell you about the future. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Ah, honey, your first novel. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Are you okay?

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Right. Jesus. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. The flux capacitor.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. I have to tell you about the future. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Who is that guy. This sounds pretty heavy. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Aw yeah, everything is great. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? And where's my reports?

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Thank you. In about thirty years.

Yeah. Marty you gotta come back with me. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Well, this is a radiation suit. Let's get him. Children.

What the hell is a gigawatt? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Uncle Jailbird Joey? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

I'm gonna be at the dance. Huh? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Excuse me.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Did you hurt your head? Marty, why are you so nervous? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Hello. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

What a nightmare. You bet. Calvin. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Nothing. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Yeah, it's 8:00. What? Who's are these? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

I said the keys are in here. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Okay, but I don't know what to say. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Will you take care of that? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Whoa, this is heavy. I think I know exactly what you mean. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. That's George McFly? You do? Calvin.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Leave her alone, you bastard. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

We do now. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. What was it, George, bird watching? He's your brother, Mom. Next, please. Leave me alone.

Bet your ass it works. Wrecked? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Go.

What did you say? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Thanks. Are you gonna order something, kid? What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Right. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Marty, are you alright? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. What? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Okay Doc, this is it. What's that thing he's on? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Yeah. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Stop it. Marty, will we ever see you again? And he could sleep in my room. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Say that again. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Wow, you must be rich. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. And where's my reports? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. He's alright. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Hey. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. I said the keys are in here. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Uncle Jailbird Joey? What did you say? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Mom, Dad. No, bastards. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Precisely. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Precisely. George, help me, please.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Back to the future. Science Fiction Theater. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. McFly.

Ahh. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Yeah, it's in the back. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Let's put him in there. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Oh.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. The flux capacitor. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. George. George.

Don't tell me anything. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- What, what, ma? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. No, not yet.

What's the meaning of this. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Next, please. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Yeah. Stop it. Will you take care of that? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. What about George?

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Watch it, Goldie. Shit. George. George. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Oh yes sir. Oh, yeah, yeah. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. What, I don't get what happened. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Are you gonna order something, kid? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. What's a rerun? That's George McFly? Hello, Jennifer.

Maybe you were adopted. What? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Well gee, I don't know. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Huh?

What, what, ma? Oh. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. No, not yet. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Oh. Mom, Dad.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Yeah, where does he live? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Marty, you made it.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Scram, McFly. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Stop it.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? What? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

What? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Uh, I think so. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. This is for all you lovers out there.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Hi. Working. The hell you doing to my car? Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Good morning. Yeah. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Don't say a word.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Erased from existence. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Yeah, sure, okay. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Huh?

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Well, Biff. C'mon.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Yeah. Never? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Uh, I think so.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Go. Jesus, you smoke too? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Take care. Your, your right. That's a big bruise you have there. What did you say? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Where the hell are they. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Yeah, it's in the back. What's a rerun?

Okay. Yeah, sure, okay. Look, you gotta listen to me. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

C'mon. Oh yes sir. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? The flux capacitor. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

That's a big bruise you have there. Yeah. Let's put him in there. Hi. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

I haven't So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. C'mon. What about George? Where were we.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? What's the meaning of this. Are you sure about this storm? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Scram, McFly. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Doc? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Say that again. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Marty. Marty. Marty. Ah, where're my pants? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Wrecked? Who's are these? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. It's my dad.

Yeah. Ahh. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Ahh. Ahh.

Crazy drunk drivers. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. What the hell is a gigawatt?

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

You do? George. George. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Yeah, sure, okay. You okay, is everything alright? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Oh. Who is that guy. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. No, Doc.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Yeah. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Uh? Who, who?

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? And he could sleep in my room. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

It's a board with wheels. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

What about George? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? No. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

That's a big bruise you have there. I'll call you tonight. Get your meat hooks off of me. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

It's a board with wheels. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Yeah. Ahh. Ahh. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Mom, Dad. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Thanks. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? It's a board with wheels. Wrecked?

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Yeah okay. Are you gonna order something, kid? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Save the clock tower.

Oh. Wow, you must be rich. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. How about a ride, Mister? Get your meat hooks off of me.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Excuse me. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Children. You're George McFly. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Hi.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. George. George. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

The hell you doing to my car? I'm gonna be at the dance. What, what, ma? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. You got a permit for that?

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Oh. Oh. Are those my clocks I hear? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Ahh. Bet your ass it works. You okay, is everything alright? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Let's get him. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Oh yes sir. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- You don't understand. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Keys? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. We never would have fallen in love.

Lorraine. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Back to the future. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. How about a ride, Mister? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

I don't wanna see you in here again. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. That's right. Excuse me. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Ahh. Wow, you must be rich. Yeah. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Where the hell are they.

You bet. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. You're gonna be in the car with her. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. I can't play.

Yeah. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Whoa, wait, Doc. Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. I guarantee it. Wow, you must be rich. Are you okay? How about a ride, Mister?

Well, Biff. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Let's go.

What? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. He's alright. How about a ride, Mister? Where were we.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Why do you keep following me around? Watch it, Goldie. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Excuse me.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Let's go. I think we need a rematch. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Why not? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Save the clock tower. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. I hope so. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? George. You do? Where? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Leave her alone, you bastard. The keys are in the trunk. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Thanks, thanks a lot. I'll get it back to you, alright? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

this has gotta be a dream. Quiet. Oh. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Good morning. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. What you got under here?

What the hell is a gigawatt? Looks like a airplane, without wings. You'll find out. Back to the future. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. What's the meaning of this. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. And he could sleep in my room.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Ahh. Shit. You know what I do in those situations? Jesus, you smoke too? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

Ah. Whoa. McFly. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Marty, you made it.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? I have to tell you about the future. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Damn. I'm late for school.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Good morning, Mom. Don't tell me anything. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. I'm gonna be at the dance.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. I guarantee it.

Jennifer. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Crazy drunk drivers. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Next, please.

That's good advice, Marty. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. C'mon. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Damn. I'm late for school. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Jennifer.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Well, this is a radiation suit. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Sit here, Marty.

Jesus, you smoke too? C'mon. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. No, not yet. Ronald Reagon. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- That's him. Why not?

Your, your right. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. I have to tell you about the future. Say that again. Did you hurt your head? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. What, I don't get what happened. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. What?

Right check, Doc. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. That's for messing up my hair. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Where the hell are they.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Damn. I'm late for school. Doc, you gotta help- Ah. Whoa. The future, it's where you're going?

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. That's a big bruise you have there. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Save the clock tower. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Good morning. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Yet. I followed you. Bet your ass it works. Really. Save the clock tower.

Are you sure about this storm? Thanks. What? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Go. Go. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Right about here.

this has gotta be a dream. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. C'mon, c'mon. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Do you mind if we park for a while? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Whoa, wait, Doc. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Without any sugar. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. And he could sleep in my room. Well, I guess that's everything. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Where? Yeah, exactly. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Perfect, just perfect.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. And where's my reports? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Yeah.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Leave her alone, you bastard. Maybe you were adopted. Mom, Dad. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

What you got under here? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Go.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. I have to tell you about the future. Ahh. Ahh. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Jennifer. What a nightmare. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Marty, you made it. I can't play.

No, Doc. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. George, help me, please.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Oh. The keys are in the trunk. I, I don't know. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Where were we.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Now Biff, don't con me. Yoo. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Hi. No. Yeah. I just wanna use the phone.

That's good advice, Marty. Which one's your pop? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. I said the keys are in here. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. I haven't I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. You'll find out. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Good morning, Mom. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. What? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Save the clock tower. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. What was it, George, bird watching? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Breakfast.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda C'mon, c'mon. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Excuse me. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Uh, coast guard. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. George. George. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Back to the future. Are you gonna order something, kid? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Thanks. Oh yes sir.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? You have this thing hooked up to the car? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Aw yeah, everything is great.

I have to tell you about the future. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Ah, honey, your first novel. I'm gonna ram him. Marty, is that you?

Weight has nothing to do with it. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Whoa, whoa, okay. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. What? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. What's with the life preserver? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Doc? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Jennifer. Actually, people call me Marty. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Next, please. Science Fiction Theater. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Well uh, good, fine.

What, well you mean like a date? Where does he come from? Oh. Hi. Marty, why are you so nervous?

Right about here. What, what is it hot? What? Marty, you made it. Watch it, Goldie.

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Is she pretty? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Hello. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. What? Yeah, where does he live?

Okay Doc, this is it. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Just finishing up the second coat now. I, I don't know.

I guarantee it. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Well, this is a radiation suit. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Shit. Whoa, this is heavy.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Excuse me. That's George McFly? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

What, well you mean like a date? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

The storm. Flux capacitor. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Say that again. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Uh, Doc. this has gotta be a dream. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Well, Biff. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? I'm gonna ram him. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Biff. I guarantee it. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Your, your right. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. And he could sleep in my room.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. How's your head? Holy shit. Uh, Doc.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Alright, I'm ready. Ahh. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? McFly.

Why not? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. I have to tell you about the future. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Back to the future.

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Hey boy, are you alright? Where the hell are they. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Really.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? About how far ahead are you going? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Back to the future. Watch it, Goldie.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. What? Jesus, you smoke too?

C'mon, c'mon let's go. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Ronald Reagon. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Well, I figured, what the hell. You're George McFly. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Erased from existence.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Marty. Marty. Marty.

Save the clock tower. Yeah, who are you? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. I just wanna use the phone.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Yeah. This sounds pretty heavy. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Stop it. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Alright, I'm ready. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Doc. The keys are in the trunk. Marty, is that you? Where does he come from? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I think I know exactly what you mean. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Right, I got it. Who, who? Let's put him in there. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Uh, Doc.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Calvin. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

I have to tell you about the future. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. You don't understand. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Biff. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Ahh. Next, please. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Well gee, I don't know. No. Where does he come from? Huh?

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Yeah. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? What, well you mean like a date? I think we need a rematch.

Who? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Right check, Doc. Well uh, good, fine. Marty, why are you so nervous?

What? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. What's with the life preserver? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Are you gonna order something, kid?

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. I haven't Don't say a word.

Thanks. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Right. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Yeah, where does he live? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Jesus, you smoke too? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Thanks a lot, kid. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? The hell you doing to my car?

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Yeah, who are you? That's him. Yeah.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Marty, why are you so nervous? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Are you okay?

Stop it. Well, Biff. Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Uh, coast guard. Doc, she didn't even look at him. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. No. this has gotta be a dream. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Yeah, gimme a Tab. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Right.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Huh? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Right. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Biff. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Marty, will we ever see you again? Marty, are you alright?

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Working. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Wow, you must be rich. Huh? Oh, what I meant to day was- Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

How about a ride, Mister? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there?

Ah. Whoa. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I just wanna use the phone. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

You know what I do in those situations? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. What? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Right check, Doc.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Bet your ass it works. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Whoa, wait, Doc. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Marty, that was very interesting music.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. What the hell is a gigawatt? I said the keys are in here. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? I don't wanna see you in here again. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

I said the keys are in here. Oh yes sir. What? Go. Oh.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? What did your mother ever see in that kid? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Excuse me. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Yeah, sure, okay. Ah. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. You too.

Whoa, this is heavy. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Ah, honey, your first novel.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Weight has nothing to do with it. Yeah. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? What the hell is this?

Next, please. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Sit here, Marty. What's a rerun? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Who are you?

He's an absolute dream. Ah, where're my pants? No. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Yeah, he's right here. Huh? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Precisely. We all make mistakes in life, children Huh? Don't tell me anything.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? I just wanna use the phone. Ah. Huh? Doc.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Yeah. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? You'll find out. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? We all make mistakes in life, children Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

And where's my reports? Don't tell me anything. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Whoa, wait, Doc.

That's George McFly? Weight has nothing to do with it. I've gotta go. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. What's with the life preserver?

Oh. this has gotta be a dream. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Jesus, you smoke too? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Unroll their fire. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Wrecked? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

What? Are you sure about this storm? Yeah, where does he live? The keys are in the trunk. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Yeah, exactly. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. And he could sleep in my room.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I have a feeling too. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Yet.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. What? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

You do? What did you say? What was it, George, bird watching? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Well, I guess that's everything. You got a permit for that? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Doc.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Damn. I'm late for school. He's alright. Excuse me. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

The hell you doing to my car? It's my dad. This sounds pretty heavy. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Are you sure about this storm? Jennifer. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

That's right. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Well, they're bigger than me. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Are you gonna order something, kid? C'mon, c'mon. He's alright.

Uh? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Ohh, no. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? What Lorraine, what?

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Back to the future. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Save the clock tower. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Really. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Watch it, Goldie. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Thank you. In about thirty years.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Nothing. Why not? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Next, please.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Perfect, just perfect. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? No, Doc. Lorraine, are you up there? Unroll their fire.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Why not? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Thank you. In about thirty years. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

Biff. I think I know exactly what you mean. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Weight has nothing to do with it. C'mon.

Science Fiction Theater. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. We never would have fallen in love. What? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Hello. Who is that guy. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Save the clock tower. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Are you okay? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. What was it, George, bird watching?

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Scram, McFly. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Doc, you gotta help- Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

How about a ride, Mister? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Without any sugar.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Hello, Jennifer. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

Let's go. Doc. Mom, Dad. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Right.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Right. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. You're gonna be in the car with her. He's alright. Alright, punk, now- Alright, I'm ready.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I have a feeling too. Watch it, Goldie. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Wrecked?

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Wow, you must be rich.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? What did I just say? Biff.

Hey boy, are you alright? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Right, and where am I gonna be? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Save the clock tower. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Are those my clocks I hear? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Sit here, Marty. Now Biff, don't con me. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Where were we. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Let's get him. Stop it. Thanks, thanks a lot. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. We do now. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Let's put him in there. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Who, who? Actually, people call me Marty.

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

What the hell is this? Ah. Whoa. Ahh. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Alright, we're the pinheads. Uh, coast guard.

Yeah, where does he live? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Right, I got it. Yet. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Ah. Whoa. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Why do you keep following me around? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Well gee, I don't know. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Huh? Erased from existence. How about a ride, Mister?

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Jesus. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Where the hell are they.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Oh. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. I just wanna use the phone. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. I guarantee it. George: you ever think of running for class president?

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Uh, look me up when you get there. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Yeah.

George. George. Ah. Whoa. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Oh. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Ah, where're my pants? Right about here. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Are you sure about this storm? Who?

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Uncle Jailbird Joey? I can't play. Are you sure about this storm? Hi.

Stop it. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Stop it. Whoa, wait, Doc. Marty, is that you? It's a board with wheels.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Marty, such a nice name. What the hell is a gigawatt? Yet. Well, I guess that's everything.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Stop it. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Hello. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

Excuse me. Jesus, you smoke too? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. What did I just say? God dammit, I'm late.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Now Biff, don't con me. I have to tell you about the future. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- I can't play. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

The storm. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Marty, you made it. Marty, are you alright? I will.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. What? The storm.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Perfect, just perfect. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Never? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

The hell you doing to my car? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Hi, Marty. Erased from existence. Biff.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Where the hell are they. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. You know what I do in those situations?

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? You do? Oh. Huh? This is for all you lovers out there.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Marty. Marty. Marty. Well gee, I don't know.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Wow, you must be rich. It's about the future, isn't it? Say that again.

I just wanna use the phone. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Bet your ass it works. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Are you okay? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Maybe you were adopted.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Right, I got it. Biff.

I'll get it back to you, alright? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Lorraine. No, bastards. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Alright, we're the pinheads. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Who are you? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Do you mind if we park for a while?

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. What the hell is a gigawatt? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Nothing's coming to my mind. C'mon. Right. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Oh, what I meant to day was- Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. You got a permit for that? You okay, is everything alright?

No, not yet. I'll call you tonight. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. We do now. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Uh, Doc. That's a big bruise you have there. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Right check, Doc.

Uh, yeah. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. No. Why do you keep following me around? Who is that guy.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Oh. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Leave her alone, you bastard. That's a big bruise you have there. What did I just say? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. How's your head?

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Hello, Jennifer. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Watch it, Goldie. Uh?

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. No, why, what's a matter? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Doc. Yeah, exactly. Oh, yeah, yeah.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? What the hell is this? Alright, punk, now- Right.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. He's a very strange young man. C'mon.

Nothing. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Are you okay? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Whoa, whoa, okay. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. You got a permit for that?

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. What? Okay. And he could sleep in my room.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Oh, yeah, yeah. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Wait a minute. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. George. George. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Ahh. Ah. What, what, ma? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Right. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. You got a permit for that?

Why is she gonna get angry with you? What did you say? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Yet. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Hello. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. C'mon. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Okay Doc, this is it.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? God dammit, I'm late. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Ah. Whoa.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Actually, people call me Marty. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

What about George? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Okay Doc, this is it. Uh, yeah. Let's go.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. That's George McFly. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. It's a board with wheels. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. It's my dad.

It's a board with wheels. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Huh? Right, and where am I gonna be? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Wait a minute. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? What you got under here? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Marty, that was very interesting music. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Whoa, whoa, okay. We all make mistakes in life, children

Bet your ass it works. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Holy shit. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? You okay, is everything alright?

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Yeah, who are you? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Right, I got it. Mom, Dad.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Flux capacitor. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Quiet. Look, you gotta listen to me. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Excuse me.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Because, you might regret it later in life. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. You know what I do in those situations? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? No, bastards. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? That's George McFly? I have a feeling too.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. You'll find out in thirty years. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Doc? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Yeah, who are you? Ahh. What? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Biff.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Aw yeah, everything is great. Do you mind if we park for a while? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

This is for all you lovers out there. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Right. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Hi. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

I followed you. What's the meaning of this. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Doc.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Are you gonna order something, kid? Precisely. Will you take care of that? You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Right. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Ahh.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Doc, she didn't even look at him. I have to tell you about the future. Leave me alone. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Mom, Dad. Excuse me. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. You too. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Let's get him. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Never?

I have to tell you about the future. Why not? What, what is it hot? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Ahh. Marty, why are you so nervous? Where the hell are they.

Thank you. In about thirty years. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Go. Go. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

That's George McFly. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Thank you. In about thirty years. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Working. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? That's George McFly.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Whoa, whoa, okay. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

We all make mistakes in life, children Really. Just finishing up the second coat now. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Huh? Erased from existence.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. I have a feeling too. Who, who? Doc?

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Well, I figured, what the hell. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? What the hell is this?

What's that thing he's on? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- What the hell is a gigawatt? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. No. Take care. I have a feeling too.

What, I don't get what happened. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Right, and where am I gonna be? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Wait a minute. What, what is it hot? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? What Lorraine, what? You okay, is everything alright? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Doc, is that a de- George, help me, please. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

He's a very strange young man. Hello. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Right.

Uh, coast guard. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? this has gotta be a dream. Uh, coast guard.

Let's get him. Excuse me. The flux capacitor. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Yeah.

McFly. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Let's go. George: you ever think of running for class president? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Ahh. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Ah. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

What did you say? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Get your meat hooks off of me. Take care. Thank you. In about thirty years.

Yeah. Because, you might regret it later in life. You're gonna be in the car with her. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. That's right. What, what is it hot? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Mom, Dad. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? I think we need a rematch.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. How's your head? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. I think we need a rematch.

Right. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. He's a very strange young man. No. I just wanna use the phone.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Save the clock tower.

Who do you think, the Libyans. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Shit.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? The flux capacitor. Damn. I'm late for school. Weight has nothing to do with it. Marty you gotta come back with me.

He's your brother, Mom. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Precisely. Ah, honey, your first novel.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? He's your brother, Mom. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Right.

No, not yet. Yeah, it's 8:00. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Leave me alone. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Ahh. Ahh.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Marty you gotta come back with me. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Its good. Right about here. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Hey. I've gotta go. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Ah, honey, your first novel.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. He's a very strange young man. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Marty, that was very interesting music. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Without any sugar. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Right. What's that thing he's on? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Wrecked? When did this happen and- It's my dad. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Alright, punk, now-

Ah well, sort of. I'll call you tonight. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Lorraine, are you up there?

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Yeah. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. That's good advice, Marty.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Yeah okay. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

The hell you doing to my car? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. You're gonna be in the car with her. Scram, McFly. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Marty, are you alright? What did I just say?

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. He's a very strange young man. Hi. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Stop it. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

No, not yet. Who? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. What did I just say? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Say that again. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. That ain't no airplane, look. Good morning, Mom. What's the meaning of this.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. You'll find out. Yeah okay.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Why not?

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. C'mon, c'mon let's go. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Look, you gotta listen to me. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Uh? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Well, I guess that's everything. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. We do now.

Marty, such a nice name. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Ah. Whoa. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Okay Doc, this is it. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

That's George McFly. Weight has nothing to do with it. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Ahh. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Yeah. I'll call you tonight. Marty, that was very interesting music. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

What? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. I don't wanna see you in here again. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... I have to tell you about the future. Scram, McFly. Uh, Doc. Marty, why are you so nervous?

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Yet. Thanks a lot, kid. Jennifer. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Marty, that was very interesting music. Well, I figured, what the hell. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Save the clock tower.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Yeah. Doc?

Yeah. Hello. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Bet your ass it works.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- How about a ride, Mister? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Hi.

Doc. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Hello, Jennifer. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Okay, but I don't know what to say. The flux capacitor. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Maybe you were adopted.

You too. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Ohh, no. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Ah. Whoa.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Right. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Excuse me. C'mon. Go.

I have to tell you about the future. Is she pretty? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Hi. Who are you? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Get your meat hooks off of me. I, I don't know. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Whoa, whoa, okay. Doc. What, I don't get what happened. Alright, we're the pinheads. Alright, punk, now-

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. No. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Let's go.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Thank you. In about thirty years. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Doc, is that a de- I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Uh, look me up when you get there. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Yeah, sure, okay. Yeah, where does he live? Working.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Say that again. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Marty. Marty. Marty.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. That's a big bruise you have there. It's about the future, isn't it?

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Alright, I'm ready. Doc.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. I think I know exactly what you mean. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. I can't play. Ah. Whoa. Doc. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

Will you take care of that? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? I'm gonna ram him. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Where does he come from? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Next, please. Huh? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. That's for messing up my hair. What was it, George, bird watching? Ah well, sort of. What?

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Get your meat hooks off of me.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? C'mon, c'mon.

No, bastards. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. We never would have fallen in love. Alright, punk, now-

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. What? Yeah. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance?

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Whoa, whoa, okay. No, Doc.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Hello. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. And he could sleep in my room.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Stop it. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Uh, look me up when you get there. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Its good. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Ohh, no. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Ah. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? C'mon, c'mon.

Oh. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Ah. Whoa. Ah well, sort of. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Yeah, exactly. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Huh? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

You're gonna be in the car with her. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Okay. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. I just wanna use the phone. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

Thanks. Stop it. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Well, this is a radiation suit.

Uh, I think so. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Huh? Really. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

What's going on? Where have you been all week? That's good advice, Marty. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Yeah.

Marty, are you alright? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Without any sugar. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Quiet.

I'm gonna ram him. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Flux capacitor. Whoa, wait, Doc. George. George.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Just finishing up the second coat now. I hope so. Who do you think, the Libyans. Do you mind if we park for a while? Marty, such a nice name.

What, I don't get what happened. Ahh. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Mom, is that you? It's a board with wheels. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Marty, why are you so nervous? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Right, I got it.

Thanks, thanks a lot. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. this has gotta be a dream. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Doc.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Marty you gotta come back with me. That's a big bruise you have there. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Biff. What, I don't get what happened. The storm. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Yeah, who are you? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Oh, what I meant to day was- His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Working.

Biff. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. I haven't George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Well, they're bigger than me.

Who do you think, the Libyans. We never would have fallen in love. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

The storm. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Just finishing up the second coat now. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Stop it. No. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Ahh.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I have to tell you about the future. Working. Maybe you were adopted.

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Keys? Right.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Did you hurt your head? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Calvin. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Look, you gotta listen to me. I will. Jesus. Uh, I think so. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Uh, well, I gotta go. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Marty, you made it. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Who, who? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Hello.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. This sounds pretty heavy. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Yeah.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Precisely. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Marty, that was very interesting music. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Why not? No. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Well gee, I don't know.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Do you mind if we park for a while? Huh? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Excuse me. Bet your ass it works.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Yeah. Stop it. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Why do you keep following me around?

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Oh. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Doc. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. No. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I don't wanna see you in here again. Working. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Right about here. And where's my reports? Who, who? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? And he could sleep in my room.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Stop it. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? That's him.

Flux capacitor. Yeah. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- You have this thing hooked up to the car? Oh.

Okay. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Marty, will we ever see you again? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. What, I don't get what happened. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

The flux capacitor. I can't play. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Children.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Where's Einstein, is he with you? What, I don't get what happened. Get your meat hooks off of me. What, well you mean like a date?

McFly. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Biff. I will. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

Who do you think, the Libyans. Yeah, who are you? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Jesus. Why not? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Marty, such a nice name.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. What's a rerun? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Yeah.

What? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Which one's your pop? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. It's about the future, isn't it? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. You don't understand. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. I followed you. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Doc? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Damn. I'm late for school.

Stop it. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. McFly. Right. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Let's put him in there. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Oh. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Where the hell are they. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. The storm. Doc. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. He's alright.

Excuse me. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Ahh. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? We all make mistakes in life, children

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Crazy drunk drivers.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Because, you might regret it later in life. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Its good.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Go. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

What, I don't get what happened. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Ah. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Right check, Doc. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Huh?

I don't wanna see you in here again. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Actually, people call me Marty. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Ahh. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Weight has nothing to do with it. Who do you think, the Libyans. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Why not? What? We never would have fallen in love. Doc, you gotta help- Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Yeah, sure, okay. Excuse me. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? No. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Who, who? And he could sleep in my room. Right. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Uncle Jailbird Joey? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Weight has nothing to do with it. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. I can't play. Yeah. Yeah, it's 8:00. Huh?

Yeah okay. George. George. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Right.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Aw yeah, everything is great. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Jesus.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah. I guarantee it. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. You'll find out.

McFly. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Just finishing up the second coat now. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Maybe you were adopted.

Right. You bet. Ah, honey, your first novel. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Right. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Ah well, sort of. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. No, Doc. Jesus.

That's a big bruise you have there. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Biff. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Whoa, whoa, okay. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. What's a rerun? What, what is it hot?

The flux capacitor. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Let's put him in there. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Are those my clocks I hear?

Leave me alone. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

Why do you keep following me around? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Go. Go. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Damn. I'm late for school. What, what? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Yeah. Ronald Reagon. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Yeah, it's in the back. Where? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- That ain't no airplane, look. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? And he could sleep in my room. Wait a minute. No. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Do you mind if we park for a while? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. What's that thing he's on? You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Aw yeah, everything is great. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Perfect, just perfect. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Is she pretty? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Marty, will we ever see you again? What Lorraine, what? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

We never would have fallen in love. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Jesus.

That's a big bruise you have there. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I think we need a rematch. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Huh? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

About how far ahead are you going? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. What? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Don't tell me anything. Oh. Children. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. I will.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Thanks. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. I can't play. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. The hell you doing to my car? Yeah, sure, okay. Never? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Biff. You don't understand. Marty, that was very interesting music.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- He's a peeping tom. Dad. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. That's George McFly.

Who are you? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. We never would have fallen in love. George. George. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Aw yeah, everything is great. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Marty, will we ever see you again? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Excuse me. What? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. That's him. What the hell is this? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Huh? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Unroll their fire. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Yeah, exactly. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Maybe you were adopted. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Right check, Doc. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. This is for all you lovers out there. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

The hell you doing to my car? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

You'll find out in thirty years. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Breakfast. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

Huh? I'm gonna be at the dance. Leave me alone. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Ahh. Thank you. In about thirty years. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Uh? Uh, I think so.

Right. Unroll their fire. Yeah okay. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Huh? He's a peeping tom. Dad. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Huh? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Who is that guy. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? I hope so. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. I have to tell you about the future. Jesus.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Oh. No, not yet. Jesus, you smoke too?

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Right. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Marty, that was very interesting music. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. You know what I do in those situations? Yoo.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Lorraine. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Right. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Uh, coast guard. Marty you gotta come back with me. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. No, Doc. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Alright, punk, now- Yeah. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Children. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. He's alright.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Calvin. I can't play. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Ahh. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Right check, Doc. He's your brother, Mom. C'mon. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Good morning. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Whoa, wait, Doc. Working.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Will you take care of that? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Oh yes sir. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Listen, Doc. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? I, I don't know. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

C'mon. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? No. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. What's a rerun?

Right check, Doc. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

That ain't no airplane, look. Weight has nothing to do with it. Well, Biff. What? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Hello. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Mom, Dad. Uh, coast guard. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. What? Wait a minute. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

I'm gonna ram him. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Yet.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. You bet. Alright, punk, now- You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

Yeah, he's right here. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. I haven't What the hell is this?

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Ahh. Ahh. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Stop it. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Right. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Yeah, it's in the back. Alright, I'm ready. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Right, I got it. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? What, I don't get what happened. What did I just say? I just wanna use the phone. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Marty, such a nice name. No. Alright, punk, now- Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. McFly. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo I have to tell you about the future. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? C'mon. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Alright, I'm ready. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

You're gonna be in the car with her. Without any sugar. Marty, why are you so nervous? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

C'mon, c'mon. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Thanks a lot, kid.

I'm gonna be at the dance. What, I don't get what happened. Are you sure about this storm? Thanks. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. I'll get it back to you, alright? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. What?

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. The future, it's where you're going? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. The future, it's where you're going? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

What, what is it hot? Precisely. Did you hurt your head? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Ahh. Ahh. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Right check, Doc. Good morning. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Go. Go. Damn. I'm late for school. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

Ahh. Alright, punk, now- Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Good morning. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

The future, it's where you're going? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. The future, it's where you're going?

Right about here. Go. Get your meat hooks off of me. No. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I followed you. I guarantee it. I'm gonna be at the dance. Go.

I'm gonna ram him. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Alright, we're the pinheads. This sounds pretty heavy.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Thanks. Who? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Back to the future.

Who is that guy. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Right check, Doc. What, what is it hot?

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Get your meat hooks off of me.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Do you mind if we park for a while?

What? Wait a minute. What, what is it hot? That's good advice, Marty. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Shit. What, what?

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Well, I guess that's everything. Say that again.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Huh? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Go.

Save the clock tower. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. C'mon. Yeah, where does he live?

Whoa, wait, Doc. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Ah well, sort of. Uh, yeah. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Don't tell me anything. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. You do? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

Marty, such a nice name. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

I guarantee it. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Jennifer. Yeah okay. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Let's get him. What, what? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Right check, Doc.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Right about here. Huh? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Yeah, exactly. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Quiet. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Precisely. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Next, please. Doc. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Alright, I'm ready. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. This is for all you lovers out there. Hello, Jennifer.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Wow, you must be rich. What the hell is a gigawatt? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Did you hurt your head?

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Doc? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. What?

Whoa, whoa, okay. Excuse me. Hi, Marty. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. What's the meaning of this.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Yeah, it's in the back. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Watch it, Goldie. Quiet.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I think I know exactly what you mean. The storm.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Yeah. Yeah, it's in the back. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? He's a peeping tom. Dad. Excuse me. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? What?

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Hey. Quiet. Right. Shit.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

What? Marty, such a nice name. The storm. Hello. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Looks like a airplane, without wings. You have this thing hooked up to the car? I have a feeling too.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Weight has nothing to do with it. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Leave me alone. Mom, is that you? Hello, Jennifer. Whoa, wait, Doc. Oh.

Alright, punk, now- No. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? You okay, is everything alright? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Wrecked? Hi. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

Jesus, you smoke too? Bet your ass it works. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Bet your ass it works.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Leave me alone. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

What did I just say? Whoa, whoa, okay. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Really. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Stop it.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. This is for all you lovers out there. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Right, and where am I gonna be?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Hello. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Oh. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? You do? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Nothing's coming to my mind.

You got a permit for that? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? The storm. Are you gonna order something, kid? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Hello. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. This is for all you lovers out there.

Well uh, good, fine. That's George McFly. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Marty, will we ever see you again? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Without any sugar.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. What? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Back to the future. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Ahh. Breakfast. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Who are you? Yeah. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I said the keys are in here. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Shit. Maybe you were adopted. Oh. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Get your meat hooks off of me.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Who, who? Where does he come from? Ah. Whoa. Stop it.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Thanks. Whoa, this is heavy. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. I have a feeling too. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

What? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Good morning, Mom. What? Are those my clocks I hear? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Scram, McFly. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Marty, you made it.

It's a board with wheels. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Weight has nothing to do with it. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. What about George? Yeah. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Mom, Dad. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. We never would have fallen in love. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. What? I said the keys are in here. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Weight has nothing to do with it. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. I followed you.

Ah. Whoa. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Leave me alone. Lorraine. Ahh.

Thank you. In about thirty years. Yeah. Marty you gotta come back with me. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. What?

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Right. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Why not? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Scram, McFly. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Hello, Jennifer. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. No, Biff, you leave her alone. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Right, and where am I gonna be? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Yeah. This sounds pretty heavy. this has gotta be a dream. I have to tell you about the future. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Go. Go. You're gonna be in the car with her.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Ohh, no.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. I guarantee it. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Good morning. Oh.

Hello. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. This sounds pretty heavy.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Yeah. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Marty, that was very interesting music. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Well, I figured, what the hell. No, bastards. Okay Doc, this is it. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

What's that thing he's on? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Where the hell are they. Mom, is that you?

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. What's going on? Where have you been all week? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. He's alright. Stop it. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Where does he come from? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? He's a peeping tom. Dad. It's my dad.

Ahh. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Oh, yeah, yeah. Right. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Marty, will we ever see you again? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. C'mon, c'mon let's go. No.

I can't play. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Yeah, exactly. Okay, but I don't know what to say. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. We all make mistakes in life, children Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

Leave her alone, you bastard. Oh, what I meant to day was- Just finishing up the second coat now. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Shit. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

What a nightmare. The storm. Calvin. Is she pretty? That's for messing up my hair.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Whoa, this is heavy. I guarantee it. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Right. Look, you gotta listen to me. Crazy drunk drivers. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. What Lorraine, what? He's alright.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Why not?

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Yeah, where does he live? Don't say a word. Nothing. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Huh? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Well, this is a radiation suit. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. What's a rerun?

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? I guarantee it. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Sit here, Marty. Yeah, where does he live?

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. The keys are in the trunk. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Right.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. I'll call you tonight. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Right. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Whoa, wait, Doc. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

He's a very strange young man. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. What, well you mean like a date?

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

Yeah, sure, okay. Right check, Doc. Yeah, well history is gonna change. The keys are in the trunk. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Where the hell are they. Wrecked? No, not yet. You know what I do in those situations? Ahh. Ahh.

What did I just say? George. Ahh. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Yoo. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Scram, McFly. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Flux capacitor. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Actually, people call me Marty.

Wrecked? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Wrecked? Yeah, who are you? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Let's go. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Yeah. What, I don't get what happened. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Yeah. What? Flux capacitor. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. We never would have fallen in love. Whoa, whoa, okay. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Right.

Why not? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Stop it. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Excuse me.

Perfect, just perfect. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Huh?

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Marty, that was very interesting music. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. What did you say?

Right. What the hell is a gigawatt? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. What's the meaning of this. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Well gee, I don't know. Back to the future. That's him. Yeah, it's in the back.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. I think I know exactly what you mean. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

Precisely. Maybe you were adopted. Take care. Where the hell are they. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Keys? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Thanks. Precisely. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. This is for all you lovers out there. What? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Hi, Marty. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. I'm gonna ram him. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Yeah, exactly. Uh, Doc. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Yeah, he's right here. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Yeah, it's in the back. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Huh? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? I guarantee it. That ain't no airplane, look.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Um, well it's a delorean, right? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. What, what, ma?

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Calvin. Jesus, you smoke too? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Hello, Jennifer. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. What's that thing he's on?

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Good morning. Doc, you gotta help- Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Yeah, it's 8:00. Lorraine. Yeah. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? You do? Nothing's coming to my mind. Huh? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. What did you say?

What a nightmare. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? No. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

I'll call you tonight. Well, she's not doing a very good job. You bet. He's a very strange young man. Right.

It's my dad. Wait a minute. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Yeah. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Jesus, you smoke too? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Its good.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Ronald Reagon. Jennifer. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Well, they're bigger than me.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Yeah okay. Excuse me. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Hi, Marty. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. We never would have fallen in love.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Alright, we're the pinheads. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Okay. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. George. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. George. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Keys? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Stop it. Are those my clocks I hear? Holy shit. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Jesus. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. No, not yet. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Well, I figured, what the hell. Well, this is a radiation suit. Scram, McFly.

Uh, coast guard. Hello, Jennifer. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Well, this is a radiation suit. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Never? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Wait a minute. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. It's a board with wheels. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? I haven't Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. God dammit, I'm late.

That ain't no airplane, look. Yeah. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

The hell you doing to my car? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I'm gonna ram him. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- It's about the future, isn't it? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. What the hell is this?

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Doc. Right. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I can't play.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Whoa, whoa, okay. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Marty, is that you? Because, you might regret it later in life.

You'll find out in thirty years. It's about the future, isn't it? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Next, please. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. this has gotta be a dream. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Doc. You'll find out in thirty years.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Thank you. In about thirty years. I have a feeling too. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Quiet. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Who are you? What, what? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Who are you? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Uh, well, I gotta go. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Marty, will we ever see you again?

Ahh. Ahh. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Yeah, he's right here. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Hey boy, are you alright? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Wrecked?

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Ohh, no. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Children. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. What's a rerun? Lorenzo, where're you keys? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Calvin. McFly. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Hello, Jennifer. Scram, McFly.

George, help me, please. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Uh, yeah. Doc.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Wrecked? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Who?

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Erased from existence.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. George. George. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. What the hell is this? Let's go.

Ah. Who are you? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. I think we need a rematch. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Let's get him. Who is that guy. Flux capacitor. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Right.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Right. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Are you sure about this storm? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Never? Whoa, whoa, okay. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Doc?

Oh. It's about the future, isn't it? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Next, please. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. this has gotta be a dream.

That's George McFly? That's good advice, Marty. The future, it's where you're going? Oh, what I meant to day was- Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

I'm gonna be at the dance. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Children. Wrecked? Yeah.

No, not yet. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Who do you think, the Libyans. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. What you got under here? Marty. Marty. Marty. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Perfect, just perfect.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Doc.

That ain't no airplane, look. Well gee, I don't know. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. No, Doc. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Marty, are you alright? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Weight has nothing to do with it. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Watch it, Goldie.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Marty, is that you? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. You're gonna be in the car with her. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

C'mon. Weight has nothing to do with it. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Don't tell me anything.

Right. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Just finishing up the second coat now. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. What, I don't get what happened. Who, who? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. He's an absolute dream.

Ohh, no. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Ahh. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Aw yeah, everything is great. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Oh, what I meant to day was- Ah. Whoa. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Excuse me.

Yeah okay. The hell you doing to my car? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Go. It's a board with wheels. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Right. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Right.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Yeah, it's in the back. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Jennifer.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Nothing's coming to my mind. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Good morning, Mom. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. I just wanna use the phone. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Where?

You'll find out in thirty years. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Are you gonna order something, kid? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. It's about the future, isn't it? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Uh, well, I gotta go.

Working. No. I'm gonna ram him. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Damn. I'm late for school. Actually, people call me Marty. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Ahh. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Listen, Doc. I just wanna use the phone.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Huh?

Children. What, what is it hot? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Scram, McFly. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Well gee, I don't know. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. About how far ahead are you going? What, what? He's a peeping tom. Dad.

He's alright. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Excuse me. Bet your ass it works.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- I can't play. Hello. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Uh, I think so.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. You'll find out. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

He's an absolute dream. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. God dammit, I'm late. Say that again. Marty, is that you?

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? What? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Actually, people call me Marty.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Without any sugar. No. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

Ronald Reagon. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Doc. C'mon, c'mon.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah, it's 8:00. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Marty, why are you so nervous?

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Huh? Yeah, well history is gonna change. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Hello. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Yeah, exactly. What? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Why is she gonna get angry with you? You do?

I've gotta go. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

We all make mistakes in life, children Because, you might regret it later in life. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Well, they're bigger than me.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Children.

You know what I do in those situations? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Where does he come from?

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. That's George McFly. What did I just say? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Marty, is that you? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Listen, Doc. Who, who? George.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Doc. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Thank you. In about thirty years. You don't understand.

No, bastards. That's George McFly. Hello, Jennifer. Right. George. George.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. What's the meaning of this. I think we need a rematch.

Excuse me. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. What's with the life preserver? Because, you might regret it later in life. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Uh, yeah. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Marty, you made it. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? George. It's my dad. Are you okay? Uh, coast guard.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Nothing's coming to my mind. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Yeah. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

We do now. Biff. Scram, McFly. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Perfect, just perfect. Just finishing up the second coat now. Ah, where're my pants? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Doc.

And where's my reports? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Ahh. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Good morning, Mom.

What, what? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Oh. Erased from existence. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

What, what? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? This is for all you lovers out there. Ahh.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. I don't wanna see you in here again. Okay. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Yeah. No. Let's put him in there. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Huh?

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. That's him. Listen, Doc. Yeah.

Huh? C'mon, c'mon. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Uh? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Say that again. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. She's just trying to keep you respectable. You're gonna be in the car with her.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Oh. It's about the future, isn't it? Oh. Doc.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Uh, coast guard. Ahh. What's a rerun?

I just wanna use the phone. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Thanks a lot, kid.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Without any sugar. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Whoa, this is heavy. Excuse me. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Why not?

Uh? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Wrecked? What a nightmare. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. C'mon. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. We all make mistakes in life, children

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Yeah, he's right here.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Don't say a word.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Okay. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yeah, he's right here. Right about here. The flux capacitor. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. You okay, is everything alright? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. You have this thing hooked up to the car? I said the keys are in here. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. You bet.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. What you got under here? Well uh, good, fine.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Who is that guy. How about a ride, Mister? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Marty, is that you? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. George. Uh? Yoo.

You got a permit for that? You'll find out in thirty years. Biff. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Damn. I'm late for school.

Actually, people call me Marty. Take care. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Okay Doc, this is it.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Why not? That's good advice, Marty.

C'mon. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Scram, McFly. Oh yes sir. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Biff. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Marty, are you alright? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Right. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Where's Einstein, is he with you? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. That's George McFly?

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. About how far ahead are you going?

George. George. George. You know what I do in those situations? Well, she's not doing a very good job. What?

Oh yes sir. Doc. Wow, you must be rich. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah, it's 8:00.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Doc, is that a de- You'll find out in thirty years. Stop it.

I hope so. Yeah. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Hello. Right. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Doc. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Ahh. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. What? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Ahh. Ahh.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Marty, you made it. Marty, will we ever see you again? You bet. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

George, help me, please. Hello. Yeah, who are you? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. I'm gonna be at the dance. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

He's a very strange young man. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Yeah. It's a board with wheels. Wrecked?

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. I think I know exactly what you mean. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Children. Oh. What the hell is a gigawatt? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Keys? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

The keys are in the trunk. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Calvin. Excuse me. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Breakfast. I have a feeling too. What, what, ma? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Let's get him. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Where the hell are they. Yeah. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Oh, what I meant to day was- I followed you. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Thanks a lot, kid. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hello, Jennifer. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. I, I don't know. I'll call you tonight. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Well, Biff. Uh, Doc. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

this has gotta be a dream. Uh, coast guard. Okay Doc, this is it. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. No.

What, what? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Who? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- What, well you mean like a date? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Hi.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Yeah. He's alright.

Uh, yeah. That's a big bruise you have there. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

We all make mistakes in life, children Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? What?

Are those my clocks I hear? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. What's a rerun? No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Marty, is that you? Sit here, Marty. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? What, what?

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Quiet. Will you take care of that?

Do you mind if we park for a while? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Precisely.

Yeah, he's right here. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah, it's 8:00. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Well, I figured, what the hell.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Oh. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Yeah. Whoa, this is heavy.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. I will. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Hey boy, are you alright? Okay, but I don't know what to say. Leave me alone. Hello.

I followed you. About how far ahead are you going? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. I guarantee it.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Where the hell are they. Precisely.

Doc? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. What? Doc. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

What, I don't get what happened. Watch it, Goldie. Stop it. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Stop it.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. What Lorraine, what? I will. George: you ever think of running for class president? Look, you gotta listen to me.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Let's go. Nothing. Erased from existence. Hey.

What you got under here? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. The keys are in the trunk. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

What, what? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Marty, will we ever see you again?

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Jesus. It's a board with wheels. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. What, what, ma?

He's a peeping tom. Dad. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Crazy drunk drivers. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Yeah okay.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Oh, yeah, yeah.

Weight has nothing to do with it. C'mon, c'mon. Ronald Reagon. The future, it's where you're going? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Yeah, it's 8:00. What's the meaning of this. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Hello. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? What the hell is a gigawatt? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

What did I just say? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Wait a minute. Who? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

What the hell is this? Maybe you were adopted. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. How about a ride, Mister?

C'mon. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Keys?

I can't play. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Alright, punk, now- Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. I, I don't know. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. And where's my reports? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. He's an absolute dream. George.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Doc, she didn't even look at him. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Wrecked?

Yeah. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. I just wanna use the phone. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Oh. Sit here, Marty. Excuse me. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I will. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. What, I don't get what happened.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Doc. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Quiet.

Lorraine. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? I'm gonna ram him. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Working.

Leave her alone, you bastard. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

We all make mistakes in life, children Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Yet. What did I just say?

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Uh, yeah. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Ahh. Ahh. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. That ain't no airplane, look. McFly.

Bet your ass it works. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. It's my dad. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Unroll their fire. Unroll their fire. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Why not? Crazy drunk drivers. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. What the hell is a gigawatt? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Let's go.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Excuse me.

Marty you gotta come back with me. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. What, well you mean like a date? Ohh, no. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Hello. C'mon. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Okay Doc, this is it.

And where's my reports? I'll get it back to you, alright? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. This is for all you lovers out there. Lorraine.

What, what? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. What did you say?

Hello. He's your brother, Mom. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Hey. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Marty, such a nice name. Yeah. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

I, I don't know. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Hi. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. The future, it's where you're going? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. What, what is it hot? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Okay. Your, your right.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Huh? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

This sounds pretty heavy. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Ahh.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. No. Huh? That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Right about here. Hello.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. I don't wanna see you in here again. You do?

That's George McFly. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? And where's my reports? Thanks. Never?

Biff. What? I'll get it back to you, alright? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. What?

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Ah. Whoa. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. I said the keys are in here.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Look, you gotta listen to me. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

That's a big bruise you have there. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Ahh. Ahh.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Do you mind if we park for a while? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Yeah, it's in the back. The storm. Science Fiction Theater.

Save the clock tower. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Thanks a lot, kid.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Doc? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Who is that guy. Go. He's alright. Thanks a lot, kid. Why do you keep following me around?

What? I hope so. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. George. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Huh? Yeah. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. The keys are in the trunk. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Hello. Flux capacitor. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Okay, but I don't know what to say. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

And where's my reports? Are those my clocks I hear? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Why not?

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Without any sugar. Hello. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Marty, such a nice name. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Doc, is that a de- Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Doc.

Jennifer. Who is that guy. George: you ever think of running for class president? Bet your ass it works. Where were we.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Yeah, it's 8:00. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? George. Yeah, I think maybe you do.

Precisely. Don't say a word. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. What did you say?

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Ahh. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. You don't understand.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Marty, you made it.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Wait a minute. What's a rerun? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Marty. Marty. Marty.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Ahh.

Actually, people call me Marty. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Uh? Never? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Doc. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

How's your head? Yeah, gimme a Tab. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. What a nightmare.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Breakfast. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Precisely.

Precisely. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? What did your mother ever see in that kid?

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. The hell you doing to my car? What did you say? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Who do you think, the Libyans. The hell you doing to my car?

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Right, I got it. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? What's a rerun? What?

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. What's the meaning of this. Doc, you gotta help- McFly. Marty, is that you?

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Okay Doc, this is it. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No, why, what's a matter?

No, not yet. Leave her alone, you bastard. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Lorraine, are you up there? Marty, that was very interesting music.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? It's my dad. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Oh. Alright, punk, now- Ah. Whoa. It's about the future, isn't it? Did you hurt your head?

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. I can't play. George. George. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah, gimme a Tab. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Uh, Doc. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Okay. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. McFly. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Uh? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. What? She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Doc. Huh? I can't play. Oh.

Right check, Doc. Yeah, who are you? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. What, what? Jennifer.

He's a very strange young man. Thanks a lot, kid. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Well, she's not doing a very good job. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Erased from existence. Wait a minute. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. What a nightmare.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Ahh. Doc, is that a de- Yeah. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. What a nightmare. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there?

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Right. Doc. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Ahh.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. What? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Yeah.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. What? Erased from existence. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Erased from existence. Yeah, sure, okay. Back to the future.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. I, I don't know.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. That's good advice, Marty. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Doc. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Doc. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. And where's my reports? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Right about here.

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Well, I guess that's everything. Huh? Uh, well, I gotta go.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. I'll call you tonight. George. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. This sounds pretty heavy. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah, it's 8:00.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Uh? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. You don't understand. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. And he could sleep in my room. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? This sounds pretty heavy.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. What? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

I said the keys are in here. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Lorraine, are you up there? Right check, Doc. Right.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Flux capacitor. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Yet. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? The future, it's where you're going? I'm gonna be at the dance.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Marty you gotta come back with me. We all make mistakes in life, children Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Yeah.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Yeah.

What? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? It's about the future, isn't it?

Huh? Right. You'll find out. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Yeah, it's in the back. Look, you gotta listen to me. You'll find out in thirty years. I will. That's George McFly.

I guarantee it. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. The future, it's where you're going? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. The flux capacitor.

He's your brother, Mom. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. I followed you. Where the hell are they. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? What the hell is a gigawatt? It's about the future, isn't it? What the hell is a gigawatt? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Watch it, Goldie. Ah well, sort of. Crazy drunk drivers. Well, I figured, what the hell.

We all make mistakes in life, children Damn. I'm late for school. Well, they're bigger than me. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Okay. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Uh, coast guard. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Just finishing up the second coat now. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Yeah, where does he live? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Let's go. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Thanks a lot, kid.

C'mon, c'mon. Lorraine, are you up there? Get your meat hooks off of me. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I followed you. Okay. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Oh, yeah, yeah. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Huh? Really. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Who, who? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. What did you say?

Let's get him. Yeah. The hell you doing to my car? George, help me, please. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. What was it, George, bird watching? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Weight has nothing to do with it. I hope so. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Hey. Okay. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Right. Jennifer. Did you hurt your head?

McFly. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Yeah. Why do you keep following me around?

Which one's your pop? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? This is for all you lovers out there. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? No. Yeah. C'mon.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? What? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Hi. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

I, I don't know. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Yeah.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Whoa, this is heavy. That's right. Who? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Well, I guess that's everything. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Right, and where am I gonna be? Good morning. I have a feeling too. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

This is for all you lovers out there. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Uh, yeah. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. And he could sleep in my room.

It's my dad. And where's my reports? George: you ever think of running for class president? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Oh yes sir.

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Holy shit. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. I guarantee it.

Damn. I'm late for school. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. That's for messing up my hair. Well, they're bigger than me. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. I'll call you tonight.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Aw yeah, everything is great. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. I hope so. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Lorraine. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Well, Biff. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Oh.

Stop it. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Wow, you must be rich. Damn. I'm late for school. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Right check, Doc. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Precisely.

What the hell is this? Who are you? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Doc. Flux capacitor. Marty you gotta come back with me. Whoa, this is heavy. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. He's your brother, Mom. Oh. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Will you take care of that? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Huh? You bet. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Huh? No, Biff, you leave her alone. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Okay Doc, this is it. Go. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

Let's go. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Oh yes sir. That's him. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Oh yes sir. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Mom, Dad. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Ahh.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Well, Biff. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Huh?

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Ah. Whoa. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Hello. How about a ride, Mister? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. That's right. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Yeah, he's right here.

Listen, Doc. Yet. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Yeah.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. About how far ahead are you going? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Hey.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Breakfast. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. I'm gonna ram him. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Without any sugar. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Don't tell me anything. Let's go. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Oh. Marty, are you alright? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Now Biff, don't con me. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

What you got under here? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Perfect, just perfect. Children. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Without any sugar. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Well, they're bigger than me.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

You don't understand. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. That's a big bruise you have there. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- C'mon, c'mon. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah okay.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Right check, Doc. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo I, I don't know. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Perfect, just perfect. Just finishing up the second coat now.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. What? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Good morning. Right about here. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Right.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Watch it, Goldie. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. What's a rerun?

This is for all you lovers out there. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Precisely. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

I'm gonna ram him. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Right check, Doc. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

It's my dad. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. You bet. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

You too. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Say that again. Excuse me.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Is she pretty? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Alright, punk, now- Thanks, thanks a lot.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Nothing's coming to my mind. This sounds pretty heavy. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. And he could sleep in my room.

Oh. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. C'mon, c'mon.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? You too.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Uh, look me up when you get there. Uh, Doc. Well, this is a radiation suit.

How's your head? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Quiet. Working.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Science Fiction Theater. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Biff.

Good morning. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

I, I don't know. Perfect, just perfect. Okay. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Well, I guess that's everything.

Thanks a lot, kid. Watch it, Goldie. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

What? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Biff. Are you sure about this storm? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? I have to tell you about the future. Hi.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Hey. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. I'm gonna ram him. You're George McFly. Ahh.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Leave me alone. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

What Lorraine, what? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? What? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? You okay, is everything alright?

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. You too. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Yeah, sure, okay. Are those my clocks I hear?

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Good morning, Mom. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Thanks a lot, kid.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. What, what is it hot? Back to the future. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Marty, such a nice name.

No. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Stop it. You'll find out. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. What? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well, this is a radiation suit.

I hope so. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Okay. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Who do you think, the Libyans. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Mom, is that you? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? George: you ever think of running for class president? I'll get it back to you, alright? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Oh yes sir. Ah. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. He's an absolute dream. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Next, please. Doc. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Bet your ass it works. Yet. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. What, what, ma? Say that again.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Precisely. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Whoa, whoa, okay. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

What, what? Marty, why are you so nervous? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Wow, you must be rich. George, help me, please.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? I'll call you tonight. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Yeah. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. What's the meaning of this.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Thanks. You don't understand. Wrecked? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Oh, yeah, yeah. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Where's Einstein, is he with you? No. Mom, is that you?

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Doc. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Thanks, thanks a lot. Don't say a word.

Marty, are you alright? Marty. Marty. Marty. Mom, Dad. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Now Biff, don't con me. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I followed you. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? And where's my reports? Yet. God dammit, I'm late.

Thanks a lot, kid. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Nothing's coming to my mind. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Why not? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Precisely. It's about the future, isn't it? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Ah, honey, your first novel. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Hi. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Good morning, Mom. That's George McFly?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Are you okay? The flux capacitor. Jesus, you smoke too? You'll find out. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

Okay. About how far ahead are you going? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Where the hell are they. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Hey. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Good morning, Mom. We never would have fallen in love. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Biff. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? No, why, what's a matter? Oh, yeah, yeah.

Hello. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Right, I got it. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

No. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Right. I'll get it back to you, alright? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Yeah, it's 8:00. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. What did your mother ever see in that kid? That's right.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Who are you? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Thank you. In about thirty years. No, why, what's a matter? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Yoo. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Oh. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Save the clock tower.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

I have to tell you about the future. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Right. Alright, we're the pinheads. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Good morning, Mom. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Ah, honey, your first novel. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Its good.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. What Lorraine, what? Right. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

What you got under here? Listen, Doc. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. The future, it's where you're going? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Watch it, Goldie. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

George. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? What's that thing he's on? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Biff.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. I, I don't know. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Well, I figured, what the hell.

Now Biff, don't con me. What's with the life preserver? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. What? Shit.

Excuse me. Wrecked? Without any sugar. C'mon. Who's are these?

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Uh, I think so. Yeah. The flux capacitor. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Yeah, exactly. Hello. I haven't Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Ronald Reagon.

Whoa, this is heavy. Yeah. He's your brother, Mom. Doc. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Sit here, Marty. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo I will. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. What's with the life preserver? Are those my clocks I hear? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Well, I guess that's everything. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Doc, is that a de- Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Huh?

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Oh. Hello. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

That's George McFly? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Just finishing up the second coat now. Thank you. In about thirty years. Ahh.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. What's that thing he's on? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

I'm gonna be at the dance. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Quiet. I think we need a rematch. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Lorraine. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Uh, look me up when you get there. Just finishing up the second coat now. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

What? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. George. George. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

I have to tell you about the future. McFly. Take care. Oh. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Damn. I'm late for school.

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Say that again. Damn. I'm late for school. Ahh. What?

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Wow, you must be rich. No, bastards. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Get your meat hooks off of me. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. I have a feeling too. Lorraine, are you up there?

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Marty, why are you so nervous? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Hello. Lorraine, are you up there? We never would have fallen in love.

Take care. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. We all make mistakes in life, children Ah well, sort of.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. No, why, what's a matter? Yoo. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? I'm gonna be at the dance.

Well gee, I don't know. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. C'mon. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Jesus.

Hi. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. I'll get it back to you, alright? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

No. Precisely. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. What?

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? He's your brother, Mom. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Children.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Doc? Oh, just a little weather experiment. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. You'll find out in thirty years. What's that thing he's on? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Marty, such a nice name.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Thank you. In about thirty years. What did you say?

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. That ain't no airplane, look. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Let's put him in there. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Thanks.

Do you mind if we park for a while? Are those my clocks I hear? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Ahh.

I followed you. Hello. How about a ride, Mister? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Ah well, sort of.

I think we need a rematch. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Thank you. In about thirty years. C'mon, c'mon. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. George, help me, please. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Ahh. Wrecked?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. George. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. What's a rerun? Marty, is that you? Oh. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Ah. Take care. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. I'll get it back to you, alright?

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. What was it, George, bird watching? Did you hurt your head?

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Who are you? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Okay. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. I have a feeling too. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. C'mon, c'mon. Yeah. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Whoa, wait, Doc. Right. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Yeah, he's right here. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Yeah. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Right. Yet. Precisely. C'mon.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hello, Jennifer. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Science Fiction Theater. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Let's get him. Good morning.

What's with the life preserver? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Uh, Doc. What did you say?

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Oh, what I meant to day was- Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Save the clock tower.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Now Biff, don't con me.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Where does he come from? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. No, Biff, you leave her alone. No, Doc.

Erased from existence. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Marty, that was very interesting music. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Yeah, where does he live? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. What's a rerun? Crazy drunk drivers. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Let's get him. Yeah. Yeah. What? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Ahh. What, what is it hot? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Oh yes sir. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Are you sure about this storm? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Hello.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Why do you keep following me around? What's the meaning of this. Precisely.

That's George McFly. You know what I do in those situations? I don't wanna see you in here again. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Say that again. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Hey boy, are you alright? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? I said the keys are in here. Okay. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Oh yes sir. C'mon. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Biff.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Alright, punk, now- Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Ronald Reagon. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Marty, are you alright? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. George, help me, please.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Yeah, gimme a Tab. I'm gonna ram him. Are you okay?

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. What? What did you say? Hello. You know what I do in those situations?

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Say that again. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Right. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Let's go. What's the meaning of this.

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Damn. I'm late for school. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Ahh. Huh? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Its good.

The keys are in the trunk. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. What? Hello, Jennifer. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

I'll call you tonight. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Oh. And he could sleep in my room.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. What, well you mean like a date? You don't understand. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. I said the keys are in here. She's just trying to keep you respectable. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

Yeah okay. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I can't play. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Yeah, who are you?

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. I think we need a rematch. Uh? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. That's good advice, Marty.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Calvin. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Where does he come from?

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

What did I just say? And he could sleep in my room. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Why is she gonna get angry with you? Nothing's coming to my mind.

Let's go. Oh. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Yeah, it's in the back. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Who is that guy.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Who are you? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. He's an absolute dream. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Right, I got it. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Doc. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

You bet. God dammit, I'm late. Let's get him. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Who do you think, the Libyans.

What's the meaning of this. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Nothing. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Uh, coast guard.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Oh. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Marty, you made it. Well, this is a radiation suit.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Well, I figured, what the hell. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

The hell you doing to my car? That's right. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Never?

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. I have to tell you about the future. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hello.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. What's a rerun?

And where's my reports? Alright, we're the pinheads. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Well, they're bigger than me.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Precisely. I will. Yoo. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Who's are these? You know what I do in those situations? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. And he could sleep in my room. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Jesus, you smoke too? Wrecked? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

I just wanna use the phone. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Marty, are you alright? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Yeah, he's right here. Don't tell me anything. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Good morning. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Marty, will we ever see you again? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Don't say a word. Doc. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Marty, is that you?

Lorraine. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. This is for all you lovers out there. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Yeah. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Wow, you must be rich. Wrecked? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Okay. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Hey. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. I think we need a rematch.

I'm gonna ram him. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Where the hell are they.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Doc, wait. No, bastards. Yeah. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Without any sugar. You okay, is everything alright? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Damn. I'm late for school. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? What did you say?

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I'll get it back to you, alright? Well, I figured, what the hell. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Oh yes sir. Precisely. Yeah, exactly. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Why not? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Excuse me. Now Biff, don't con me. Listen, Doc.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Wrecked? Mom, Dad. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

That's him. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Ah well, sort of. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Say that again.

Oh. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. The storm.

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Lorraine, are you up there? Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

What's the meaning of this. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. What about George?

Biff. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Yeah, exactly. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Oh, yeah, yeah. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Hello.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Just finishing up the second coat now. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. What did you say? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. What? That's George McFly? I've gotta go. Right.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Yeah. Where were we. Huh? Alright, punk, now-

You're gonna be in the car with her. I guarantee it. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Yoo.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Yeah, it's 8:00.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. C'mon, c'mon. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Where were we. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Okay Doc, this is it. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Yeah. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Huh? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. You have this thing hooked up to the car? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Hello. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Weight has nothing to do with it. Who do you think, the Libyans. Right about here.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Because, you might regret it later in life. Well, she's not doing a very good job. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Nothing. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. I guarantee it. Huh? Jennifer. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Look, you gotta listen to me. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. No, not yet. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Huh? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Jesus, you smoke too? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

God dammit, I'm late. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Oh. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

I have a feeling too. Let's get him. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Why not?

Don't tell me anything. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Alright, we're the pinheads. Huh? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. That's good advice, Marty. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Really. Yet. You know what I do in those situations? About how far ahead are you going?

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Wrecked? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Right. It's my dad.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Yoo.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? C'mon, c'mon let's go. Ohh, no. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

You do? What's that thing he's on? Right check, Doc. What? Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Weight has nothing to do with it. Jesus. You know what I do in those situations? That's him.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Well, this is a radiation suit. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? It's about the future, isn't it?

Oh. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? What? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Good morning. Marty, such a nice name. Precisely. Don't say a word. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Yet. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Keys?

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. What was it, George, bird watching? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Where the hell are they. Whoa, this is heavy.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. How about a ride, Mister? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. The hell you doing to my car? Ronald Reagon.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- That's George McFly. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. I have to tell you about the future.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Doc, she didn't even look at him. The keys are in the trunk.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Take care.

Doc, you gotta help- Do you mind if we park for a while? Yet. Hello, Jennifer. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Listen, Doc. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? What, what, ma? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Oh.

That's George McFly. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. He's alright. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Doc. Yoo. Next, please.

Ah, where're my pants? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? I'm gonna be at the dance.

Who? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Are you okay? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Oh. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

You do? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Leave her alone, you bastard. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Oh. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. What's that thing he's on? What's a rerun?

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Why not? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. You too. Wrecked?

Uh, I think so. Stop it. Thank you. In about thirty years. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. I haven't Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Take care.

Unroll their fire. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

I will. What, what, ma? Let's go. You'll find out in thirty years. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Huh? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? That's right. Quiet.

Right. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. You got a permit for that? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Ahh. George. George. Stop it. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Never?

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Aw yeah, everything is great. Marty, such a nice name. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Shit. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Right, I got it. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Shit. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. It's a board with wheels.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Jesus. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. We do now.

Why not? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? George, help me, please.

Wow, you must be rich. Holy shit. What's with the life preserver? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Breakfast. Ah, honey, your first novel. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Right. I, I don't know.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Biff. The flux capacitor. Why not? It's my dad.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. No, not yet. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Let's go.

What's a rerun? Hello. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

That ain't no airplane, look. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Yeah. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Doc?

George. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? You got a permit for that? Why not? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. What's that thing he's on? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? That's good advice, Marty. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Uh, Doc. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Yeah, where does he live? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Precisely.

Yeah, who are you? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Next, please.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Alright, punk, now- A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Well uh, good, fine.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Take care. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. What? Yeah. Ohh, no.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. What's that thing he's on? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Back to the future. You do?

I'm gonna ram him. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. You bet.

Damn. I'm late for school. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. No. I will.

Holy shit. George. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. No, bastards.

Hello. Save the clock tower. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Oh. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- George. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Yeah.

Hello. Doc, is that a de- Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Yeah. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

C'mon, c'mon. Whoa, this is heavy. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. He's your brother, Mom.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Yeah, who are you? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Will you take care of that? Ah, honey, your first novel. It's about the future, isn't it? What's that thing he's on? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Alright, we're the pinheads. Yeah. What was it, George, bird watching? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Wow, you must be rich. We never would have fallen in love. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Back to the future. Yeah, it's in the back. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Biff. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Ah.

Jennifer. Damn. I'm late for school. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Where does he come from? How about a ride, Mister? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Well, I guess that's everything. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Yeah. Ah. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Well, I figured, what the hell. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Where were we. Marty, is that you?

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Keys? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Hello, Jennifer.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Jesus, you smoke too?

You too. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Hi, Marty. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. The flux capacitor. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah.

I have a feeling too. Hello, Jennifer. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Don't tell me anything.

No. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Thanks. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Marty, that was very interesting music. Calvin. Are you sure about this storm?

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? We do now. I, I don't know. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. He's alright.

That's right. Where? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. No, Biff, you leave her alone. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. You too. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. He's a very strange young man.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- We do now. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. What you got under here? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Oh, yeah, yeah. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Doc. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Yeah, it's in the back. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

What the hell is a gigawatt? Hey. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Doc. Uh, I think so.

Well uh, good, fine. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Yeah okay. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? What the hell is a gigawatt? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Ahh. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

What, well you mean like a date? No, Biff, you leave her alone. Yeah, sure, okay. Mom, Dad. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? He's a peeping tom. Dad. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Where? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Hi. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. He's alright. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Marty, you made it. Stop it.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. I have a feeling too.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Thank you. In about thirty years. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Wrecked? Marty. Marty. Marty.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Yoo. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. You bet.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. You'll find out in thirty years. Marty, why are you so nervous? Marty you gotta come back with me. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Right. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Huh? Why not?

I just wanna use the phone. Never? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Let's put him in there. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Ahh. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. This sounds pretty heavy. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Yeah. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Stop it. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Stop it.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Right. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? George. George.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Whoa, whoa, okay. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Marty. Marty. Marty. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

What's a rerun? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. I have to tell you about the future.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Scram, McFly. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Stop it. Uh, Doc.

Who is that guy. Doc. Marty. Marty. Marty. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. And where's my reports?

Yeah. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Mom, Dad. I, I don't know. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there?

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? That's George McFly. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Marty, why are you so nervous?

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Yeah, I think maybe you do. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

What? Doc, you gotta help- Ahh. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. McFly. Where were we. Well gee, I don't know.

Doc. Where does he come from? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. It's about the future, isn't it? Yoo. Maybe you were adopted. Save the clock tower.

George, help me, please. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Marty you gotta come back with me. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Right about here.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. I'll call you tonight. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Who do you think, the Libyans.

Excuse me. The flux capacitor. Where were we. Right. What's that thing he's on?

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Doc, you gotta help- Don't say a word. Thanks, thanks a lot. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Back to the future. Why do you keep following me around? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Okay Doc, this is it. Flux capacitor. Look, you gotta listen to me. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Why do you keep following me around? Because, you might regret it later in life. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Marty, are you alright? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

Lorraine, are you up there? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda You'll find out in thirty years. He's a very strange young man. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Hello. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Mom, Dad. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? You okay, is everything alright? McFly. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Let's go. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Right about here. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Let's put him in there. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Who are you?

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah, sure, okay. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. It's my dad.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Well, she's not doing a very good job. I haven't Huh? You don't understand.

Oh, what I meant to day was- Are you gonna order something, kid? Well, this is a radiation suit. You're George McFly. You're George McFly.

I, I don't know. Damn. I'm late for school. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Ahh. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Hello. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Doc. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

I just wanna use the phone. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. This is for all you lovers out there. Marty, that was very interesting music. Huh?

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. I, I don't know. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. What?

What? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Holy shit.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Unroll their fire. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. That's good advice, Marty. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Is she pretty?

George. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. You too.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Okay. Biff. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Uh, Doc. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? This sounds pretty heavy. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

I can't play. George. George. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? The hell you doing to my car?

What the hell is a gigawatt? Where does he come from? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Are those my clocks I hear? Uh, Doc.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. I have a feeling too. You'll find out in thirty years. You got a permit for that? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Let's get him. What, what is it hot? Doc. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

He's your brother, Mom. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Hey boy, are you alright? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Without any sugar. About how far ahead are you going? Who is that guy.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Did you hurt your head? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Is she pretty? Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Whoa, wait, Doc. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Hello. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Right. Hello. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. The flux capacitor. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. I, I don't know.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Yeah. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

Right. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Are those my clocks I hear?

This sounds pretty heavy. You're gonna be in the car with her. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. What? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. That's him. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? What, what is it hot?

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Biff. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

And he could sleep in my room. Oh, just a little weather experiment. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Nothing's coming to my mind. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Thanks a lot, kid. That's him. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Doc. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Calvin.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Did you hurt your head? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Right about here. Yet. God dammit, I'm late. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

That's him. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Jesus, you smoke too? I can't play. Excuse me.

Wait a minute. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. I've gotta go.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I think we need a rematch. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. What, well you mean like a date? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. How's your head? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Whoa, this is heavy. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Maybe you were adopted. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

What's a rerun? Well uh, good, fine. Right check, Doc. Ah, where're my pants? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Right. Children. You're gonna be in the car with her. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Marty, is that you? Keys? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. I've gotta go. Science Fiction Theater.

Your, your right. Where the hell are they. What? Quiet. Alright, we're the pinheads.

You don't understand. We all make mistakes in life, children Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Aw yeah, everything is great. Right, I got it.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Where does he come from? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Your, your right. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Right, I got it.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Aw yeah, everything is great. What did I just say? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

George. George. Who, who? Ahh. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Well, I guess that's everything.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Ah, where're my pants? What, what? Oh. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. I said the keys are in here. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Right.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. The flux capacitor. Quiet. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Lorraine.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Well, I guess that's everything.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Alright, we're the pinheads.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hello, Jennifer. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Doc. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Yeah.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. What the hell is a gigawatt? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Stop it. Really.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Actually, people call me Marty. That's George McFly? Ahh. Now Biff, don't con me.

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

I hope so. Doc? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Who do you think, the Libyans. Your, your right.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Breakfast. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

You know what I do in those situations? Oh, what I meant to day was- I guarantee it. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Maybe you were adopted. Marty, that was very interesting music. Uh, look me up when you get there. Uh, yeah. What, what, ma?

Ah, where're my pants? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Nothing's coming to my mind. Yeah, sure, okay. Ah well, sort of.

Are you gonna order something, kid? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Take care. No, why, what's a matter?

What? It's a board with wheels. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Mom, Dad.

Wow, you must be rich. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Yeah, gimme a Tab. Unroll their fire.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. No, not yet. Watch it, Goldie.

Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Stop it. Save the clock tower. You're George McFly. The hell you doing to my car?

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

Huh? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Leave me alone. Yeah.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Why not? How about a ride, Mister? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Who? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Uh, look me up when you get there. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? What Lorraine, what? Well, I figured, what the hell. Alright, punk, now-

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. What, what, ma? C'mon, c'mon. What? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

I think I know exactly what you mean. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Leave me alone. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Yeah. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Bet your ass it works. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? I think we need a rematch. Ahh. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

What? That's George McFly? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Are you okay? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. You don't understand. That ain't no airplane, look. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. What? The hell you doing to my car? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. What's a rerun? Are those my clocks I hear?

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Where does he come from? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Ronald Reagon. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Just finishing up the second coat now. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Ahh. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. C'mon, c'mon. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Doc, is that a de- No, why, what's a matter? Which one's your pop? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

That's for messing up my hair. What did you say? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Ah. Whoa.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? What? Listen, Doc. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Holy shit. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? What, what is it hot? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

The storm. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Back to the future. Alright, punk, now-

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Precisely. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Marty you gotta come back with me. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Uh, I think so. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Precisely. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Leave her alone, you bastard. He's a very strange young man. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Did you hurt your head? You do?

Yeah, where does he live? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? What, what, ma? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. I have to tell you about the future.

You do? Precisely. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. This is for all you lovers out there.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. No, not yet.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Ah. Whoa. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. I will. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Yeah. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. That's a big bruise you have there. Whoa, whoa, okay. Ohh, no. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Ohh, no. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Listen, Doc.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I just wanna use the phone. About how far ahead are you going? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Will you take care of that? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Next, please. Wow, you must be rich.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Ahh.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Lorraine, are you up there? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. What?

The hell you doing to my car? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Yeah. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Well uh, good, fine. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Well uh, good, fine. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? That's George McFly. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Why not? Oh. Science Fiction Theater. Are you okay?

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Why do you keep following me around? Breakfast. Never? I'll get it back to you, alright?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Precisely. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Yoo. Well uh, good, fine. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Alright, we're the pinheads. Save the clock tower. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Yeah, who are you? I can't play. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Yeah, sure, okay. George. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Oh.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I haven't Stop it. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Marty, you made it. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. You do?

No, not yet. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Right. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Nothing.

Nothing. Uh, coast guard. C'mon. Wait a minute. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Yeah. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Who's are these?

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. What did you say? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Back to the future. Right.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. What, what, ma? Hello. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Nothing's coming to my mind. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? I think I know exactly what you mean. What, I don't get what happened.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Never mind that now, never mind that now. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Alright, I'm ready. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Lorraine, are you up there? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

What? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Stop it. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

The storm. Why not? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Uh? Oh, just a little weather experiment. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

That ain't no airplane, look. What Lorraine, what? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. That's right. He's an absolute dream.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Huh? Let's go. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Keys? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

Look, you gotta listen to me. George. George. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Right.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. That's a big bruise you have there. George.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. What Lorraine, what? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Where?

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Oh, what I meant to day was- Shit. Don't tell me anything.

The storm. What's with the life preserver? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. You okay, is everything alright? Right.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. It's my dad. this has gotta be a dream. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Say that again.

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Because, you might regret it later in life. Yeah okay. Thanks a lot, kid.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Doc. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Right. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Doc. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Take care. What the hell is this?

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Huh? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Huh? What, what is it hot? Stop it. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

What Lorraine, what? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Shit. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. What a nightmare.

He's your brother, Mom. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. He's your brother, Mom. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Yeah, who are you?

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Now Biff, don't con me. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Right. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? No, not yet.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Where were we. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Right. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Who?

You have this thing hooked up to the car? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Yeah. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Doc. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? C'mon, c'mon. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Why not?

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Whoa, this is heavy. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Yeah, well history is gonna change. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Will you take care of that?

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Yeah. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. That's George McFly. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Yeah. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Right. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. And where's my reports?

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Nothing. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

Why do you keep following me around? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. The storm. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. That's for messing up my hair. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Marty, will we ever see you again? Well, they're bigger than me. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Oh.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Okay. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Keys?

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. I'll call you tonight. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Huh? Ah well, sort of. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Lorraine. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Children. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Uh, look me up when you get there. Oh.

Doc. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Yeah. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. He's an absolute dream.

Where does he come from? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Huh?

Okay. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Where? Actually, people call me Marty.

Calvin. Hi, Marty. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Do you mind if we park for a while? Weight has nothing to do with it.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. I followed you. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. This is for all you lovers out there. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Nothing.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

You'll find out. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. You don't understand. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Watch it, Goldie. Hi, Marty. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? I'll call you tonight. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Marty, is that you?

George. George. Ahh. Ahh. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Back to the future. Hi. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Why not? Shit. You okay, is everything alright? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Hello, Jennifer. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Well, I guess that's everything. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Let's go. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? I have to tell you about the future. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Right. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Hi.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. No, not yet.

The flux capacitor. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Hi, Marty. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Oh. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Yeah. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Wow, you must be rich. Working. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Yeah, it's in the back. Watch it, Goldie. Hey. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Actually, people call me Marty. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Thank you. In about thirty years. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

What's a rerun? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. George. Oh, what I meant to day was- Next, please. What's with the life preserver?

What's the meaning of this. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. What was it, George, bird watching? Uh, well, I gotta go. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Alright, punk, now- Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Alright, I'm ready.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yeah. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Well, this is a radiation suit. Take care. Lorenzo, where're you keys?

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda I have to tell you about the future. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Right about here. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Yeah. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Marty, is that you? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. What you got under here? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. You got a permit for that? Wrecked? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. What's the meaning of this. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Why not? Ah. Whoa.

Why do you keep following me around? Calvin. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? I can't play.

George, help me, please. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Damn. I'm late for school. Weight has nothing to do with it. Yeah, exactly.

I've gotta go. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Who is that guy. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. I have a feeling too. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Huh?

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Your, your right. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Save the clock tower. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

What? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Oh.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Are you okay? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

What did you say? Uh, Doc. That's for messing up my hair. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. What's that thing he's on?

Yeah. What's with the life preserver? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. You're gonna be in the car with her. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Ronald Reagon. Yeah. Get your meat hooks off of me. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Yeah. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Hello. Calvin. Its good.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. What? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Ah. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Bet your ass it works. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Scram, McFly. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Now Biff, don't con me. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. That's a big bruise you have there. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Where were we.

Right, and where am I gonna be? You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Marty, you made it. What Lorraine, what? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Next, please. What? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. You got a permit for that? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Well gee, I don't know. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? I just wanna use the phone. You too.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Don't tell me anything. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Good morning, Mom. Doc, wait. No, bastards. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Precisely. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. And where's my reports?

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Uh, look me up when you get there. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. George.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. The hell you doing to my car? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Let's go. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

this has gotta be a dream. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Hello.

What? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Yeah, who are you?

Ahh. Ahh. No, bastards. What? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Sit here, Marty. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Are those my clocks I hear? Yeah. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Alright, we're the pinheads. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. No, Biff, you leave her alone. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Good morning, Mom.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Where the hell are they. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Hey boy, are you alright? I guarantee it. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Right about here. Ahh. Ahh.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Back to the future. We all make mistakes in life, children

That ain't no airplane, look. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. You got a permit for that? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. What the hell is a gigawatt? What?

Marty, such a nice name. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Ah. Whoa. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. You'll find out in thirty years. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Because, you might regret it later in life. Erased from existence. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. You do? It's a board with wheels. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Ahh. Ahh. Jesus. Oh. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Doc. Precisely. I, I don't know. Huh? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Right. Yeah. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Oh.

What a nightmare. Yeah, it's in the back. Perfect, just perfect. You'll find out. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

C'mon. Yoo. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Ahh.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Say that again. Stop it. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Jesus, you smoke too? Oh. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Well, they're bigger than me. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Unroll their fire. Okay. Which one's your pop?

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. George: you ever think of running for class president? Stop it. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Thanks. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Where? Weight has nothing to do with it. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? What did I just say?

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Oh. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Marty you gotta come back with me. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Never?

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Shit. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Okay Doc, this is it. Next, please. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Its good. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Excuse me. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Is she pretty?

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. I guarantee it. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Really. Excuse me. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Yeah.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. No, not yet. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Yoo. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. And he could sleep in my room. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. No, why, what's a matter?

He's an absolute dream. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. You'll find out. Crazy drunk drivers. Lorraine, are you up there?

Leave me alone. Yeah. What's that thing he's on? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Whoa, this is heavy.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Marty you gotta come back with me. Huh? I guarantee it.

Wow, you must be rich. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. No.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? What? Thanks a lot, kid.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. This sounds pretty heavy. Right about here. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. This is for all you lovers out there.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Jesus, you smoke too? Hello, Jennifer.

Yeah. Who, who? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. He's alright. How's your head?

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. You'll find out in thirty years. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I have to tell you about the future. Jesus. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. God dammit, I'm late.

You do? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Biff. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. It's about the future, isn't it? Okay Doc, this is it. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Yeah. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

I will. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- What, I don't get what happened.

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? He's alright.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Right. Good morning. Stop it. Hi, Marty.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Yeah, sure, okay. Well, this is a radiation suit. Maybe you were adopted. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Thanks. And he could sleep in my room. Biff. Right about here. Your, your right.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? C'mon. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Ahh. Ahh.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? The hell you doing to my car? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Where? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Don't say a word. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Take care. Yeah okay. Ronald Reagon. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

I'm gonna ram him. I'm gonna be at the dance. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. God dammit, I'm late. Ah, where're my pants?

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. You'll find out. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? And where's my reports? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? What?

Ahh. Ahh. Where does he come from? This sounds pretty heavy. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

George, help me, please. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Yeah, sure, okay. What about George? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah, who are you? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. What's that thing he's on? I'll get it back to you, alright?

Hello. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Oh. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. And he could sleep in my room. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Right, and where am I gonna be? Doc?

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. George: you ever think of running for class president? I'll get it back to you, alright? Flux capacitor. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Its good. Jesus. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. What, what is it hot?

Keys? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Biff. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Now Biff, don't con me.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Right, and where am I gonna be? That's George McFly? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. What? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Don't tell me anything. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Perfect, just perfect. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Yeah.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Oh. Yeah, it's in the back. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

What? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. About how far ahead are you going?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Okay. What, what, ma?

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? I'll get it back to you, alright? I think we need a rematch. About how far ahead are you going?

Weight has nothing to do with it. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Science Fiction Theater.

Are those my clocks I hear? What the hell is this? That's good advice, Marty. No, not yet. Uh, Doc.

Who is that guy. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Marty, why are you so nervous? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. What? This is for all you lovers out there. Who's are these? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Marty, are you alright? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Right check, Doc.

I hope so. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. That's a big bruise you have there. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. What about George? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Watch it, Goldie. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Stop it. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Ahh. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. I have to tell you about the future. Yeah. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. You're George McFly. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? The hell you doing to my car?

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. What the hell is this? Will you take care of that? Right. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Maybe you were adopted. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. That's George McFly? Stop it. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Who is that guy.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Jesus. Is she pretty? I hope so. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Breakfast. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Shit. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Let's go. Thanks, thanks a lot. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. What? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Yeah, he's right here. I have a feeling too. He's an absolute dream.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. I don't wanna see you in here again. Wait a minute. I can't play. Why not?

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Yeah, sure, okay. Yeah, where does he live? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? What a nightmare.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Marty, that was very interesting music. Alright, I'm ready.

Right about here. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Which one's your pop? Weight has nothing to do with it. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Stop it. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Yeah.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. The hell you doing to my car? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? This is for all you lovers out there.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Yeah, it's in the back. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Nothing's coming to my mind. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Where the hell are they. Whoa, whoa, okay. Whoa, wait, Doc. What? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Lorraine. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. The hell you doing to my car?

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Yeah, it's 8:00.

Huh? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? We all make mistakes in life, children Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Because, you might regret it later in life. I'll call you tonight. Bet your ass it works. You okay, is everything alright? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Uh, well, I gotta go. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Science Fiction Theater. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. I'm gonna be at the dance.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Ahh. No, bastards. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Which one's your pop? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Oh. Huh? What did you say? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Oh. Yeah.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Ah, where're my pants? Ah, honey, your first novel. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Precisely. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

I have to tell you about the future. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. What did you say? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Uh, look me up when you get there. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Your, your right.

Don't tell me anything. Jennifer. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. I will.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. That ain't no airplane, look. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Are you gonna order something, kid? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. What's a rerun? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Ah, where're my pants? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Right. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Mom, is that you? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Wow, you must be rich. Mom, Dad. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. I think we need a rematch. Yeah, who are you? Working. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Who do you think, the Libyans. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. What's that thing he's on? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Don't say a word. Marty, are you alright? You too. George. George. About how far ahead are you going?

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. What? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Whoa, whoa, okay. Right.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? C'mon, c'mon. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Look, you gotta listen to me. Right.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Huh? Get your meat hooks off of me. That's a big bruise you have there. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

It's a board with wheels. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Thanks a lot, kid.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. You bet. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- No. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

It's a board with wheels. Ah, honey, your first novel. You okay, is everything alright? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Where does he come from?

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Right. I have a feeling too.

Oh. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? That's George McFly. Hi. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Wow, you must be rich. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Thank you. In about thirty years. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Hello.

Wait a minute. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Alright, we're the pinheads. Who is that guy.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Is she pretty? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Let's put him in there. Precisely. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. About how far ahead are you going?

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Flux capacitor. I think we need a rematch. I will. Marty, is that you?

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. I said the keys are in here. What? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. You're George McFly.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Never? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

Hello, Jennifer. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Will you take care of that? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. No. What, what, ma? That ain't no airplane, look.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Yeah, he's right here. Next, please. You'll find out. What?

That's right. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. He's alright. Leave me alone.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- I'll get it back to you, alright? Hello, Jennifer.

Are those my clocks I hear? I haven't Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

I will. Looks like a airplane, without wings. It's my dad. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Holy shit. Doc. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. He's an absolute dream. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? You bet. McFly. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Uh?

Shit. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Why do you keep following me around? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Get your meat hooks off of me.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Wrecked? Doc, is that a de- Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? The keys are in the trunk. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Flux capacitor.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Marty, are you alright? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

What the hell is this? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Yeah. Excuse me.

Doc, is that a de- Doc. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? C'mon. I said the keys are in here.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. George, help me, please. Are those my clocks I hear? No, not yet.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. That's him. Yeah, sure, okay. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Aw yeah, everything is great. Ah well, sort of.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. What? Doc, you gotta help-

Ahh. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Are you gonna order something, kid? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Oh.

That's good advice, Marty. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. He's alright. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Oh, what I meant to day was- C'mon, c'mon let's go. He's a very strange young man. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Yeah, it's 8:00. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. We all make mistakes in life, children Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. It's my dad.

A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Will you take care of that? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Go. Go. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? The flux capacitor. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. I think we need a rematch.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Whoa, whoa, okay. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Well uh, good, fine.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Oh. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Wrecked? Why is she gonna get angry with you? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Ah, where're my pants? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Are you gonna order something, kid? I have a feeling too. You too.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Right.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Take care. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Yeah. I can't play. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- The future, it's where you're going? Excuse me.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Keys? Right check, Doc. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. The hell you doing to my car? What the hell is a gigawatt? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Right, and where am I gonna be? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Are those my clocks I hear?

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Go. Go. Now Biff, don't con me. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. This is for all you lovers out there. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Working. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. What?

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Yeah. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Stop it. We never would have fallen in love. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Are you okay?

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? The hell you doing to my car?

Right, and where am I gonna be? Maybe you were adopted. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Yeah, exactly. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Let's put him in there. Why not? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? No.

Where the hell are they. Never? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Hi, Marty. What's the meaning of this.

We do now. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Scram, McFly.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Hey boy, are you alright? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. What's the meaning of this. Your, your right. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Good morning, Mom. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

Yeah, it's 8:00. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Really. Children. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Ahh. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Oh. It's my dad. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. What Lorraine, what?

Leave me alone. No. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. The future, it's where you're going? No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Do you mind if we park for a while? That's right. Sit here, Marty. The keys are in the trunk.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Ah.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Watch it, Goldie. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Whoa, whoa, okay. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. What Lorraine, what?

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Ah well, sort of. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. What's a rerun?

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. You do? Take care.

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Well gee, I don't know. Ah. Whoa. Now Biff, don't con me. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Wow, you must be rich. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Well, this is a radiation suit. About how far ahead are you going?

Right, I got it. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Well, they're bigger than me.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I have a feeling too. Who, who? What?

Thanks a lot, kid. No, why, what's a matter? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Marty, will we ever see you again? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Yeah. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Oh, what I meant to day was-

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. What was it, George, bird watching? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Ah well, sort of. Mom, Dad. Oh. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Marty you gotta come back with me. Ronald Reagon. George, help me, please. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Hi, Marty. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Ahh.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Thanks a lot, kid. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Hey. I don't wanna see you in here again. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. I have a feeling too.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. What did you say? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Where? Ahh.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. George: you ever think of running for class president? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Doc, wait. No, bastards. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. How's your head?

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Okay Doc, this is it.

Uh, coast guard. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Ahh. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Are you okay? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Right.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Well gee, I don't know. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Doc, is that a de-

The keys are in the trunk. C'mon. Thanks. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Mom, Dad.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Right. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Never? Let's put him in there. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. That ain't no airplane, look. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Where the hell are they. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Ohh, no.

Right. I'll get it back to you, alright? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Uh, yeah. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

What's with the life preserver? No, why, what's a matter? It's my dad. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? No. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Ahh.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? How's your head? This sounds pretty heavy. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

What a nightmare. He's an absolute dream. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

God dammit, I'm late. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Hi. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Well gee, I don't know.

Are you sure about this storm? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Yeah, I think maybe you do. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Marty, why are you so nervous?

What you got under here? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Are those my clocks I hear? Yeah, he's right here.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. I'm gonna be at the dance. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? I, I don't know.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. I think we need a rematch. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Excuse me. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Ah.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Yeah. Excuse me. No, Doc. Watch it, Goldie. No, why, what's a matter?

Next, please. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Uh, I think so. Go. Go. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Go. Go. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Right. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Hi. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Wait a minute.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. You okay, is everything alright? What was it, George, bird watching? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

That's for messing up my hair. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? I've gotta go. I'm gonna be at the dance. Scram, McFly. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Marty, is that you? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Yeah. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Really. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Who's are these?

I have to tell you about the future. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Huh?

The flux capacitor. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Right. I just wanna use the phone. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Are you okay? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. You got a permit for that?

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Nothing. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

This is for all you lovers out there. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Uh, Doc. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

It's my dad. Hello. Let's go. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. What Lorraine, what?

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Biff. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. The storm. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Yeah, it's 8:00. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

It's about the future, isn't it? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Nothing. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Ahh. Ah well, sort of. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Really. What's with the life preserver? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Look, you gotta listen to me.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. I said the keys are in here.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Save the clock tower. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Precisely.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Which one's your pop? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

No, why, what's a matter? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Are you sure about this storm? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Hey. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Alright, we're the pinheads. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Jesus, you smoke too? Are you sure about this storm? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Take care. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Oh, just a little weather experiment. That's right. Look, you gotta listen to me. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Flux capacitor.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Hey.

I haven't Doc. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

And where's my reports? Is she pretty? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Never? You're George McFly.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. George. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. That's him.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? You'll find out. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Let's get him. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Yeah. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Yeah, he's right here. Really. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

Yeah. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Alright, I'm ready. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- I've gotta go.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Oh yes sir. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? I'll call you tonight. Quiet.

Whoa, whoa, okay. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yeah okay. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Who do you think, the Libyans. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Right. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Are you sure about this storm? Hello. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Uh, look me up when you get there. Excuse me.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Thank you. In about thirty years. Stop it.

Leave her alone, you bastard. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Because, you might regret it later in life. Yeah, he's right here.

Aw yeah, everything is great. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Stop it. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Damn. I'm late for school.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Listen, Doc.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Nothing's coming to my mind. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Yeah. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Marty, is that you? Biff.

Shit. Whoa, this is heavy. Oh. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. The keys are in the trunk.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Yet. Jennifer. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Ahh.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? He's your brother, Mom. He's a very strange young man.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Stop it. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Doc. Yoo. Who do you think, the Libyans. Do you mind if we park for a while? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Thanks, thanks a lot. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Never?

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Well, I figured, what the hell. Marty, why are you so nervous? Huh? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? That ain't no airplane, look. Mom, Dad. Where? Huh?

Uh, well, I gotta go. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. What, what is it hot? It's my dad. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Nothing.

Why not? He's a very strange young man. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Calvin. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Go. Go. No. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. No. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Oh, just a little weather experiment. That's for messing up my hair. And he could sleep in my room.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Huh? Yeah, where does he live? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Are you gonna order something, kid? Which one's your pop?

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Jennifer. Ahh. You do? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

Scram, McFly. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. What's the meaning of this. You'll find out. Doc?

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. this has gotta be a dream. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Thank you. In about thirty years. Are you okay? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Mom, Dad. Right. Damn. I'm late for school. Right.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Yeah, exactly. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. About how far ahead are you going?

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Uh, yeah. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Oh.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Well, they're bigger than me. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Ohh, no. Wait a minute. Marty, you made it. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

It's a board with wheels. That's a big bruise you have there. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. You'll find out.

Hey boy, are you alright? That ain't no airplane, look. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. What, well you mean like a date?

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. What a nightmare. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. George. George. Oh, yeah, yeah.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Who is that guy. Who's are these?

Whoa, whoa, okay. Ah, where're my pants? Okay. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Don't tell me anything. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Uncle Jailbird Joey? This is for all you lovers out there. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Ah well, sort of. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo No, not yet.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Why not? Shit. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Huh?

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. We all make mistakes in life, children Huh? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Are you gonna order something, kid? Yeah, exactly. You have this thing hooked up to the car? The storm. Hey boy, are you alright?

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Just finishing up the second coat now. That's him. What? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Mom, Dad. Where does he come from? Stop it. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Yeah, he's right here. I'll call you tonight.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. That's him. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Yeah. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

What, what, ma? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Thank you. In about thirty years. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Scram, McFly. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Yeah.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? He's a very strange young man. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

You have this thing hooked up to the car? No, Biff, you leave her alone. Keys? You okay, is everything alright? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Let's go. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Alright, I'm ready. Where? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... I can't play. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Is she pretty? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Ah well, sort of. Doc.

I will. Are you sure about this storm? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

What about George? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Quiet. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. No, bastards. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Doc, you gotta help- Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? You don't understand. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Well, this is a radiation suit. Looks like a airplane, without wings. That's him. No, why, what's a matter?

God dammit, I'm late. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Ohh, no. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. And where's my reports? What did your mother ever see in that kid? George.

Well, they're bigger than me. You're George McFly. Take care. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Listen, Doc. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. He's alright. No, bastards. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Yeah. That's for messing up my hair. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Listen, Doc. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. What?

Uh, coast guard. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. God dammit, I'm late. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. No, why, what's a matter?

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Whoa, this is heavy.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Yeah. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Perfect, just perfect.

Lorraine, are you up there? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Is she pretty? I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Whoa, whoa, okay.

What? Doc? You're gonna be in the car with her. Weight has nothing to do with it. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

I hope so. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Whoa, wait, Doc. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Watch it, Goldie.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Wait a minute. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

What's with the life preserver? Why do you keep following me around? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Actually, people call me Marty. C'mon.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Who are you? Well, I figured, what the hell.

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Hello. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Right check, Doc.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. What? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. What?

Ahh. Ahh. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. The keys are in the trunk. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Are you okay? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Precisely. Doc, wait. No, bastards. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Nothing's coming to my mind. That's George McFly? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Uh, I think so.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? I think we need a rematch. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Yeah okay. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Right check, Doc.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? That's for messing up my hair. Thanks, thanks a lot. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? McFly.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Hey.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Who is that guy. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Ahh. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

You're gonna be in the car with her. Oh, yeah, yeah. Well uh, good, fine. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Precisely. Well gee, I don't know. You do?

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Listen, Doc. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. And where's my reports?

I'm gonna ram him. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Ohh, no.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Yeah. I have a feeling too. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. You too.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Let's get him. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Leave me alone. Ohh, no.

Let's put him in there. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Lorenzo, where're you keys?

Nothing. George, help me, please. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. You're George McFly. And where's my reports?

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Ah, where're my pants? Right, and where am I gonna be?

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. This sounds pretty heavy. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Huh?

Aw yeah, everything is great. Go. Which one's your pop? Hello. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Marty, that was very interesting music.

Leave me alone. What did you say? Precisely. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Yeah, who are you? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? What? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Marty, are you alright? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Back to the future. McFly. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Marty you gotta come back with me. Say that again.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. It's about the future, isn't it?

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? McFly. Doc, you gotta help-

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Unroll their fire. You don't understand. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Right. No. Thanks a lot, kid. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Looks like a airplane, without wings. No.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Right. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? That's him. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Doc, you gotta help-

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Listen, Doc. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Yeah.

Actually, people call me Marty. Ah. Jennifer. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. George.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Doc. Who? Holy shit. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Alright, we're the pinheads. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. You'll find out. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Marty, such a nice name. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Where? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

That's a big bruise you have there. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Yeah, it's in the back. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

About how far ahead are you going? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Science Fiction Theater. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Get your meat hooks off of me.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. What did I just say? Doc. Marty, why are you so nervous?

Well gee, I don't know. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Back to the future. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. I have to tell you about the future. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Yeah. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. No, bastards. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Jesus. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. And where's my reports?

You do? Where were we. Crazy drunk drivers. I have to tell you about the future. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. I'm gonna be at the dance. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

What, what is it hot? Never? Right. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Marty, is that you? Right check, Doc. Get your meat hooks off of me. Yeah okay.

Thanks. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Where? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Really. Flux capacitor.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. We never would have fallen in love. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Ah, honey, your first novel. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Right, and where am I gonna be? Um, well it's a delorean, right? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Go. Go. Hey boy, are you alright? Oh. What's the meaning of this.

Alright, punk, now- Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Yeah, where does he live? Thanks a lot, kid. Oh.

Mom, is that you? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Huh?

You're George McFly. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. this has gotta be a dream. What was it, George, bird watching? Excuse me.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? What you got under here? Oh.

You got a permit for that? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. That's George McFly? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Lorenzo, where're you keys?

Thank you. In about thirty years. Hello. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Marty, you made it. Yeah. Who's are these? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. God dammit, I'm late.

Quiet. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

What about George? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Who? God dammit, I'm late. Keys?

Where the hell are they. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Who is that guy.

Take care. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Let's get him. Take care. Hey boy, are you alright? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Why is she gonna get angry with you? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

Doc? That's for messing up my hair. Right. What? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Let's go. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. George. George. Biff. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Right. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. What, what? What's that thing he's on? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- And he could sleep in my room. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Hello.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. No, why, what's a matter? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Doc, is that a de-

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? I said the keys are in here.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Well, Biff. Why not? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

McFly. What, well you mean like a date? Ah, honey, your first novel. C'mon. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Good morning, Mom. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? What you got under here? Lorenzo, where're you keys? Hello.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Ah. Whoa. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Doc, is that a de-

What was it, George, bird watching? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Doc, is that a de-

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? He's your brother, Mom. Stop it. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Nothing.

George. George. Right. Right. George, help me, please. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. That's a big bruise you have there. That's good advice, Marty. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Oh, yeah, yeah.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Will you take care of that? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Right, I got it.

Working. Uh? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Right check, Doc. Thanks a lot, kid.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? I have to tell you about the future. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Who do you think, the Libyans. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Jennifer.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Wow, you must be rich. Children. You're gonna be in the car with her. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

He's an absolute dream. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Yoo. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Never? And where's my reports?

What, I don't get what happened. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. That's him. No.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Marty, is that you? Let's get him. Actually, people call me Marty. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Calvin. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. This sounds pretty heavy.

Yeah. Alright, I'm ready. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Save the clock tower. Weight has nothing to do with it. You don't understand. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. We do now. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Stop it.

Yeah, it's 8:00. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Will you take care of that?

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Right. Thanks, thanks a lot. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Actually, people call me Marty. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Doc. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Okay.

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Right. Thanks a lot, kid. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Hi, Marty. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Whoa, this is heavy. Hello.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Hi, Marty. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Huh? Leave me alone.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Doc. You do? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Don't say a word.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. You got a permit for that? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Doc.

It's a board with wheels. Doc, she didn't even look at him. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Thanks, thanks a lot. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

I think we need a rematch. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? It's my dad.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Huh? This is for all you lovers out there. Ahh. Marty, is that you?

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Um, well it's a delorean, right? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Well gee, I don't know. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

What, what? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Hi. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Who? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. That ain't no airplane, look. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Huh? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Hello. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Your, your right.

Mom, is that you? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. That's George McFly. Keys? You don't understand.

Huh? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Let's go. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Who do you think, the Libyans.

George. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Well, I figured, what the hell. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Why do you keep following me around?

He's an absolute dream. Hello. Unroll their fire. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Mom, is that you? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. I'm gonna ram him.

This is for all you lovers out there. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. That's George McFly. Breakfast. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Jesus. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Well, I figured, what the hell. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. What Lorraine, what? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

Uh, yeah. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Next, please.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. No, Doc.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Biff. Right about here.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. He's a peeping tom. Dad. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Well, I figured, what the hell. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Ah. Whoa. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

You're George McFly. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Did you hurt your head? Oh. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Don't say a word. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Excuse me.

Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Where does he come from? You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Are you gonna order something, kid? Oh yes sir. Where were we. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? No, Doc.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Ah, where're my pants? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Its good. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Oh. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. George. George.

Right. Let's get him. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. What about George?

Children. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Hello. Mom, Dad.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Uh, Doc. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Hello, Jennifer. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. That's good advice, Marty.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

I followed you. What's a rerun? Perfect, just perfect. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. What? Well, this is a radiation suit. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

It's about the future, isn't it? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Ahh. What Lorraine, what? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Get your meat hooks off of me. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Thank you. In about thirty years. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. This is for all you lovers out there. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Why not?

Marty. Marty. Marty. Ahh. Scram, McFly. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Mom, is that you?

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. What did I just say? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Oh. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Doc. I have to tell you about the future.

Right. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? You'll find out. What's with the life preserver? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Well, they're bigger than me. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. this has gotta be a dream. Doc. Actually, people call me Marty.

Ronald Reagon. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? I, I don't know. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Marty, are you alright?

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Yeah, where does he live? Breakfast. Who, who? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Well uh, good, fine. She's just trying to keep you respectable. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. And he could sleep in my room.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Are those my clocks I hear? Nothing. No. Uh, look me up when you get there.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Hello. Weight has nothing to do with it. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Yeah, he's right here. Huh? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. No, bastards. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

I don't wanna see you in here again. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. We all make mistakes in life, children

Marty, such a nice name. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? You bet. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Go. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Who are you? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? What the hell is this? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Thanks. What? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Without any sugar. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Uh, Doc. Uh, well, I gotta go. What's with the life preserver? About how far ahead are you going?

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Ahh. C'mon. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Perfect, just perfect. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

Mom, is that you? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Well, I guess that's everything. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Damn. I'm late for school. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Oh yes sir.

What Lorraine, what? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Ronald Reagon. Watch it, Goldie. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Listen, Doc. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. I hope so. What, what is it hot?

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Will you take care of that? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Yeah. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. I will. I've gotta go. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. You'll find out in thirty years. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Huh? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Look, you gotta listen to me. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Thanks, thanks a lot. No. George: you ever think of running for class president?

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I will. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Yeah, where does he live? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Bet your ass it works. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- He's alright.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. It's my dad. Marty, such a nice name. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Which one's your pop? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Uh, coast guard. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Good morning. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Yoo. Go. Go.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. What, what? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Whoa, whoa, okay. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. I've gotta go. Yeah. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Will you take care of that? Yeah, who are you? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Maybe you were adopted. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Where does he come from? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Never mind that now, never mind that now. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Calvin. Bet your ass it works.

Oh. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Oh. Stop it.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. About how far ahead are you going? Okay, but I don't know what to say. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Oh. The keys are in the trunk. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Leave me alone. What?

How's your head? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Yoo. Wait a minute. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Hi. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Yeah, gimme a Tab. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Ah, honey, your first novel. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. That's good advice, Marty. Mom, is that you? I'm gonna be at the dance.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Let's put him in there. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. What, I don't get what happened.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Who, who? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Wait a minute. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Doc. That's him. Whoa, wait, Doc.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. What was it, George, bird watching? yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. We never would have fallen in love.

Huh? Erased from existence. Leave me alone. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

What? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Hello. Why do you keep following me around? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Because, you might regret it later in life.

What? Let's put him in there. About how far ahead are you going? Yeah, sure, okay. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. What a nightmare. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Ah, honey, your first novel.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Jennifer. Huh? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. It's a board with wheels. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. You're gonna be in the car with her. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. What was it, George, bird watching? Are those my clocks I hear? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Back to the future. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. I have to tell you about the future. What did I just say? Why do you keep following me around?

Stop it. Where the hell are they. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Whoa, whoa, okay. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Uh, I think so. George, help me, please. Is she pretty? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. You okay, is everything alright?

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Thank you. In about thirty years. Ah, honey, your first novel. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Whoa, wait, Doc. Which one's your pop? George. George. What about George?

You bet. Lorraine. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Go. Go. Yeah.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Wait a minute. What, what, ma? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. The future, it's where you're going? This sounds pretty heavy. Ah, where're my pants? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. You don't understand. What's the meaning of this.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Where?

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Which one's your pop? Precisely. Alright, punk, now- Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Biff. Scram, McFly. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Right.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Where the hell are they. What's going on? Where have you been all week? You'll find out. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. That's good advice, Marty.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Who's are these? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. What?

Who's are these? Why not? Who is that guy. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hello, Jennifer. Yeah. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Doc.

Bet your ass it works. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. She's just trying to keep you respectable. George, help me, please. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Yeah. I just wanna use the phone. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Who are you? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Why is she gonna get angry with you? What? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

I've gotta go. Now Biff, don't con me. Nothing. Do you mind if we park for a while? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Are you gonna order something, kid? Doc. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- You okay, is everything alright? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda You're George McFly. Well gee, I don't know. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. That's right.

Who's are these? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. You'll find out. Lorraine, are you up there?

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Its good. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Mom, is that you? Doc, you gotta help-

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Nothing's coming to my mind.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Right about here.

No, bastards. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

That's good advice, Marty. Excuse me. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Will you take care of that? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? No, Biff, you leave her alone. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Hello, Jennifer. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Without any sugar.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Where? What's a rerun? I'm gonna be at the dance.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Yeah. Right. You'll find out in thirty years. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Who, who? Hello. Say that again. Where were we. Why not?

Well, they're bigger than me. Where does he come from? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Hey boy, are you alright? Mom, Dad.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Thanks a lot, kid. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. That's right.

I'll call you tonight. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Without any sugar.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. That's right. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hello. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Doc, is that a de- Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Well, Biff. Who are you?

Oh. Yeah, where does he live? Yeah okay. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. That ain't no airplane, look. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

What? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Precisely.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. What did I just say? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Actually, people call me Marty. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

No. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Uh, coast guard. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Right. Ahh. Ahh.

Oh yes sir. Excuse me. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Right. Yeah, exactly. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Who do you think, the Libyans. No. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Wow, you must be rich. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Let's get him. He's alright. What, what, ma?

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. What did I just say? It's my dad. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Uh, look me up when you get there.

Yoo. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Lorraine, are you up there? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. What a nightmare. About how far ahead are you going?

Take care. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Right. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Yeah. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Go. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Well, I guess that's everything. Who's are these? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Working. Yeah, sure, okay.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Calvin. He's a very strange young man. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

Jesus. Marty, such a nice name. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. What's that thing he's on? Is she pretty?

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Hello, Jennifer. I'm gonna ram him. Shit.

And he could sleep in my room. He's alright. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Doc. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

What about George? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Alright, punk, now- Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

You know what I do in those situations? No. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Holy shit.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Doc. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. You got a permit for that? Jennifer. Where? Lorraine, are you up there?

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. You have this thing hooked up to the car? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Marty, that was very interesting music. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Yeah okay. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Scram, McFly.

Hello. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. He's your brother, Mom. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Ahh.

What about George? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Marty, you made it. What Lorraine, what? Will you take care of that? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Huh? You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Oh, what I meant to day was- Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

I've gotta go. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. You got a permit for that? Thanks a lot, kid. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Who? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. No, why, what's a matter?

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. George: you ever think of running for class president? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Yeah, sure, okay.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. No, Biff, you leave her alone. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

No. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. What the hell is a gigawatt? Hi.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Where's Einstein, is he with you? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Shit. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? What you got under here?

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. What did you say? That ain't no airplane, look. What, well you mean like a date? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. That's him. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

What did I just say? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Thanks. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

What, I don't get what happened. He's alright. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Never? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Uh? Go.

That's a big bruise you have there. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Precisely. What, I don't get what happened. Excuse me.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I, I don't know. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Wrecked? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. What's a rerun? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. You have this thing hooked up to the car? What was it, George, bird watching?

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. We do now. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Ah, honey, your first novel.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Uh, well, I gotta go. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Say that again. Lorraine.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Quiet. Doc, is that a de- Marty, will we ever see you again?

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Keys? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Ahh. Ahh. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

C'mon. Leave her alone, you bastard. Holy shit. I'm gonna ram him. Okay.

I'll get it back to you, alright? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Bet your ass it works. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? I can't play. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. C'mon. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. I have to tell you about the future. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Unroll their fire. Yeah.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Uh, well, I gotta go.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Yeah, sure, okay.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. McFly. Doc, you gotta help- Right about here.

Watch it, Goldie. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Wrecked? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Doc, wait. No, bastards. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Ah, where're my pants? Ah well, sort of.

Save the clock tower. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Ah. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. What Lorraine, what?

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. I have to tell you about the future. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. How about a ride, Mister?

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. How about a ride, Mister? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? What, what, ma? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

No, why, what's a matter? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Ah, where're my pants? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I just wanna use the phone. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Ronald Reagon. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. What, what? You're George McFly.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Get your meat hooks off of me. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Are those my clocks I hear? It's about the future, isn't it?

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Because, you might regret it later in life. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Oh.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Oh. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Excuse me.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. What the hell is a gigawatt? And where's my reports? Ahh. Ahh.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Uh? Yeah, gimme a Tab. What? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Stop it. You do?

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Doc. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Where the hell are they. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

The keys are in the trunk. Right about here. Where were we. What's the meaning of this. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. You do?

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Ah well, sort of. Doc. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Whoa, this is heavy. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I said the keys are in here.

Holy shit. Leave her alone, you bastard. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. God dammit, I'm late. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Yet. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand?

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? We all make mistakes in life, children Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. We all make mistakes in life, children It's a board with wheels.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Huh? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Erased from existence. Are you sure about this storm?

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. What Lorraine, what? What? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

I don't wanna see you in here again. Will you take care of that? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. George. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. How's your head? Well uh, good, fine. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

He's a very strange young man. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Oh. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? It's my dad.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Save the clock tower. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Doc. What did I just say? Why do you keep following me around?

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. I, I don't know. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. No, why, what's a matter?

Right. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Yeah. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Oh. Yeah, sure, okay. Huh? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Just finishing up the second coat now. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. What?

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Where?

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Yeah, sure, okay. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Marty, why are you so nervous? What did I just say?

Why not? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Precisely. Wow, you must be rich. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? You got a permit for that?

Without any sugar. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? You don't understand. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Yeah. Look, you gotta listen to me. Huh? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Nothing's coming to my mind. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

No. I have to tell you about the future. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Hi. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Will you take care of that? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Who do you think, the Libyans. Hello. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Uh, coast guard.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. He's an absolute dream. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? What's with the life preserver?

Uh, well, I gotta go. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Never? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Where were we.

Yeah, where does he live? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Let's put him in there. Alright, I'm ready. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

Let's put him in there. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Precisely. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Watch it, Goldie. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Yeah, where does he live? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. He's your brother, Mom. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. George: you ever think of running for class president? Actually, people call me Marty.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Oh, what I meant to day was- Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. The future, it's where you're going? What, what is it hot? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Let's put him in there. Right. Without any sugar.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Science Fiction Theater. That ain't no airplane, look.

Biff. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Because, you might regret it later in life. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Oh. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Marty, why are you so nervous? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Crazy drunk drivers. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Um, well it's a delorean, right? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Sit here, Marty. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Ahh. Ahh.

Jesus, you smoke too? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Right, and where am I gonna be? Right. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? What, what, ma? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. What? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. What, what, ma? Are those my clocks I hear? Marty you gotta come back with me.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Unroll their fire. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Right.

Why not? What, what, ma? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

George. George. What the hell is this? I just wanna use the phone. Yoo. Okay.

He's an absolute dream. Who do you think, the Libyans. Shit. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Ahh.

Yeah. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Right. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Huh? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Oh.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Well gee, I don't know. No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Oh. Listen, Doc. I think we need a rematch. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Ronald Reagon. Right. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? You bet.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Because, you might regret it later in life. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Where were we. Right. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Scram, McFly. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Hey.

Its good. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Yeah, he's right here. Leave me alone. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

C'mon, c'mon. Doc, is that a de- Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Oh. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Nothing's coming to my mind. Huh? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I'm gonna ram him. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Nothing. Well, I guess that's everything.

Right about here. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Yeah, where does he live? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Uh, Doc. Huh? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Oh.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. this has gotta be a dream. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Scram, McFly. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

I can't play. What Lorraine, what? Lorraine. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Take care.

Ah, honey, your first novel. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. No, Doc. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Hey boy, are you alright? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Hello. Yeah okay.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Scram, McFly. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Wrecked? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

God dammit, I'm late. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. I'm gonna ram him. Science Fiction Theater.

Yeah. No, Doc. Who, who? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Now Biff, don't con me.

Okay Doc, this is it. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? He's a very strange young man. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Marty, are you alright? Flux capacitor. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Hey. Lorraine.

Precisely. Right, I got it. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

That's a big bruise you have there. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

You'll find out. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. C'mon, c'mon let's go. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. This sounds pretty heavy.

Hello. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Right. Yeah, where does he live? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Yoo. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Precisely. Marty, are you alright? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Do you mind if we park for a while? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? I have a feeling too. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Alright, I'm ready. I just wanna use the phone.

Without any sugar. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah, who are you?

It's a board with wheels. C'mon. We do now. Alright, I'm ready. Marty you gotta come back with me.

Oh. Your, your right. Why do you keep following me around? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Well, I figured, what the hell. Mom, is that you? He's your brother, Mom. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Take care. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Why not? Precisely. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Hi. Really.

What? You too. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Doc, you gotta help-

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Nothing. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Marty. Marty. Marty. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Listen, Doc. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Do you mind if we park for a while? Alright, punk, now- Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. What Lorraine, what?

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Uh, well, I gotta go. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Ah. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Erased from existence. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Right.

Hi. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Don't tell me anything. Now Biff, don't con me.

Huh? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. He's an absolute dream. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

George. Thanks, thanks a lot. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Sit here, Marty. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Who, who? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

He's alright. Who? You'll find out. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. That's good advice, Marty.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Who, who? That's a big bruise you have there. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Your, your right. Excuse me. Yeah.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Where were we. Without any sugar. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Yeah.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? This is for all you lovers out there. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. What's a rerun? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. George: you ever think of running for class president? What's going on? Where have you been all week? Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Hey boy, are you alright? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Ohh, no. No. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Huh? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. What? Watch it, Goldie.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Its good.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Are you gonna order something, kid? You're George McFly. What, what? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Why not?

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Precisely. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. You too. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. That ain't no airplane, look. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Scram, McFly. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Without any sugar.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. You don't understand. You'll find out.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. You too. Right. About how far ahead are you going? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I've gotta go. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Aw yeah, everything is great. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

What about George? Shit. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. What's a rerun? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? I have to tell you about the future. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Are you sure about this storm? Wait a minute. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. That's him.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Listen, Doc. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. No, why, what's a matter? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

You're George McFly. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? No. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

You don't understand. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Oh. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. What? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

You bet. Doc, you gotta help- Ahh. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

Hey. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Doc, is that a de- We all make mistakes in life, children

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. I hope so. That's for messing up my hair. He's an absolute dream. Say that again.

Damn. I'm late for school. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Yeah. Right check, Doc. Take care.

No. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

We never would have fallen in love. Oh yes sir. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Uh, look me up when you get there.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Marty, is that you? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Hi.

Right. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Will you take care of that?

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. What about George?

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Hello. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

God dammit, I'm late. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Yeah. Nothing's coming to my mind. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Why is she gonna get angry with you? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Okay. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. The flux capacitor. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Is she pretty? Hello. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Ohh, no. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. I followed you. Ahh.

Oh. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Alright, we're the pinheads. Children. Jesus, you smoke too? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Get your meat hooks off of me. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Calvin. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Marty. Marty. Marty. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Hello. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Where were we. Right. Right check, Doc.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Jesus. I haven't

Well, Biff. Jesus, you smoke too? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Where's Einstein, is he with you? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. What was it, George, bird watching? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Jennifer. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hey. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Erased from existence. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. What, what? Whoa, this is heavy. That's for messing up my hair.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. That's for messing up my hair. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Thanks a lot, kid. Huh?

Breakfast. I have to tell you about the future. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Perfect, just perfect. What?

What, I don't get what happened. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Uh, coast guard. Uh, well, I gotta go. You know what I do in those situations?

Who are you? Yeah, he's right here. Where were we. Never? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. That's George McFly. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? this has gotta be a dream. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Unroll their fire.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. The flux capacitor. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Doc, is that a de- Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. I just wanna use the phone. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

George. No, why, what's a matter? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Go.

Hello, Jennifer. Who are you? Yeah okay. Children. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

George. Mom, Dad. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. What the hell is a gigawatt? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Without any sugar. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. That's good advice, Marty. Good morning, Mom. Why not? Where the hell are they.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Jesus. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Doc.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Why not? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Where does he come from? I have to tell you about the future. Biff. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Right. Mom, Dad. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

He's an absolute dream. Go. Go. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Yeah. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Unroll their fire. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Hello. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Where were we. Alright, I'm ready. What, what, ma?

What about George? Shit. He's your brother, Mom. Keys? Flux capacitor.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Doc. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. The keys are in the trunk.

Huh? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. No, why, what's a matter? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Are you okay? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Let's get him. Uh? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Where does he come from? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Who do you think, the Libyans. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. We all make mistakes in life, children

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Quiet. No, bastards. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Why is she gonna get angry with you?

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Right, I got it. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Ahh. Ahh.

Keys? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Aw yeah, everything is great. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Go.

Well uh, good, fine. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. It's a board with wheels. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. That's good advice, Marty. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Stop it. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Next, please. Uh, coast guard. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. No, not yet. What? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Yeah, exactly. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Weight has nothing to do with it. Uh, coast guard. Doc, you gotta help- Wow, you must be rich. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Working. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Right.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? I guarantee it. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Who is that guy. Why not? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. I, I don't know. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

The storm. Marty. Marty. Marty. Are you gonna order something, kid? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. What? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. I have a feeling too. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Next, please. Marty, are you alright? Are you gonna order something, kid? Do you mind if we park for a while? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Hello, Jennifer. Marty, such a nice name. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television?

You know what I do in those situations? Ah well, sort of. Marty. Marty. Marty. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Scram, McFly. Thank you. In about thirty years. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. McFly. Huh? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Biff. Now Biff, don't con me. And he could sleep in my room. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Are you okay? That's good advice, Marty. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Crazy drunk drivers. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Right. Back to the future.

Ah. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. It's about the future, isn't it? Flux capacitor. Alright, we're the pinheads.

We do now. Are those my clocks I hear? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Huh? Leave me alone. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Yeah, it's 8:00. Oh.

We never would have fallen in love. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. What a nightmare. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Whoa, whoa, okay. Maybe you were adopted. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Marty, that was very interesting music.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Who, who? Uh, Doc. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Did you hurt your head?

Is she pretty? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. George. George. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Who are you? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. C'mon, c'mon.

Yeah. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? George. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Who, who?

C'mon. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Do you mind if we park for a while? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. this has gotta be a dream. I have a feeling too. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Doc, is that a de- What's the meaning of this. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Ahh. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

I think I know exactly what you mean. Let's get him. Calvin. I think I know exactly what you mean. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

Because, you might regret it later in life. He's a very strange young man. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. No. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Uh, I think so. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Are you okay? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Excuse me.

What did I just say? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Unroll their fire. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

What? Erased from existence. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- You're gonna be in the car with her.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. This is for all you lovers out there. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Ahh. Ahh. I said the keys are in here. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Oh. What about George?

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? C'mon. Doc, you gotta help- Is she pretty?

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. I will. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? What the hell is a gigawatt?

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? What, I don't get what happened. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? What?

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Marty, such a nice name. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Who is that guy. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Just finishing up the second coat now.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Never? Ahh.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. That ain't no airplane, look.

Your, your right. That's George McFly. Right, I got it. Yeah. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Crazy drunk drivers. Who are you? Yeah. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? You know what I do in those situations? I have a feeling too. Yeah, it's 8:00. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Where were we. Right. Say that again. Actually, people call me Marty. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

What? What Lorraine, what? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Oh. I will. Marty, you made it. Jesus, you smoke too? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? That's George McFly. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

The future, it's where you're going? Aw yeah, everything is great. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Yeah.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Ah well, sort of. Will you take care of that? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? That ain't no airplane, look. He's a very strange young man. Uh, well, I gotta go. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Biff. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. I've gotta go.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Uh, I think so. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Right check, Doc.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Yeah, sure, okay. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man.

Oh. That's him. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. I think I know exactly what you mean. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

And he could sleep in my room. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? I said the keys are in here.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Save the clock tower. Alright, we're the pinheads. What, well you mean like a date?

Right. Children. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Okay. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

I'm gonna ram him. Mom, is that you? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Well, this is a radiation suit. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Okay. Oh. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Right, I got it. Right. Huh? Huh?

Right, and where am I gonna be? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. That's George McFly? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Go. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Lorraine.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Oh. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Excuse me. You know what I do in those situations? I think I know exactly what you mean.

We do now. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Uh?

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Uh, Doc. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Right, and where am I gonna be?

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. The keys are in the trunk. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Right. Yeah, where does he live? Well, they're bigger than me. The storm. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

About how far ahead are you going? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Uh, look me up when you get there. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Uh, I think so.

Ahh. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Ronald Reagon. C'mon. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

What's a rerun? Will you take care of that? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Go. Go. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Perfect, just perfect. I followed you. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Doc. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Really.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Save the clock tower. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. And where's my reports? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Which one's your pop? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Uh, well, I gotta go. What about George? Doc, wait. No, bastards. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Alright, punk, now- Whoa, whoa, okay. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Why not? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Who is that guy. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? What a nightmare. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Did you hurt your head? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. He's a very strange young man. About how far ahead are you going?

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? What's a rerun? Alright, I'm ready. What? No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Ah well, sort of. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Its good. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Next, please. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Alright, I'm ready. Leave me alone. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. I'll call you tonight. Nothing.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

You okay, is everything alright? I will. Oh. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. That's for messing up my hair. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. What?

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Biff. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Weight has nothing to do with it.

I said the keys are in here. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Good morning. You're George McFly. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. What a nightmare.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. I, I don't know. The flux capacitor. That's for messing up my hair.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Hey boy, are you alright? What? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. You don't understand.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. What the hell is this? No, I refuse to except the responsibility. George, help me, please.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Marty you gotta come back with me. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Erased from existence. George: you ever think of running for class president?

What's the meaning of this. Get your meat hooks off of me. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Huh? Weight has nothing to do with it. Thank you. In about thirty years. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Alright, we're the pinheads.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Whoa, this is heavy. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

I have to tell you about the future. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? I followed you. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

No, Doc. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Scram, McFly. Thanks, thanks a lot.

I have a feeling too. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Good morning. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Whoa, this is heavy. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. I can't play.

Yeah, it's in the back. What? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Bet your ass it works. That's George McFly? I don't wanna see you in here again. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Nothing. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Yeah. Yeah, well history is gonna change. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. What did you say? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. He's your brother, Mom. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? That's right. Marty, you made it.

What? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Oh. Now Biff, don't con me.

Marty. Marty. Marty. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Where does he come from? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Alright, we're the pinheads. You too. Stop it. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Okay. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Uh, I think so. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Say that again. Scram, McFly.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? What, I don't get what happened. I hope so. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Yeah, exactly.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. He's an absolute dream. Don't tell me anything. I'll call you tonight.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. What? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

You'll find out. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Who is that guy.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. I said the keys are in here. You'll find out in thirty years. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Uh, look me up when you get there.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Alright, I'm ready. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. George.

What, what? I'm gonna be at the dance. Marty, that was very interesting music. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Oh, what I meant to day was- I just wanna use the phone. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Save the clock tower. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Hello. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline?

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Let's put him in there. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Whoa, whoa, okay. Huh?

Ah, where're my pants? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Huh? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- That ain't no airplane, look. Nothing. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Never? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Ohh, no. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Really. That's George McFly.

Well uh, good, fine. Are you gonna order something, kid? I'm gonna ram him. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Thanks a lot, kid.

Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Ronald Reagon. Nothing. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Wow, you must be rich.

Hey boy, are you alright? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? What, I don't get what happened. Right. That's him.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. I will. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Uh?

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. What the hell is a gigawatt? We do now. Quiet. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. You'll find out in thirty years. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

I have to tell you about the future. Marty, are you alright? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Biff.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Yeah.

Uh? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. What's with the life preserver? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. He's your brother, Mom. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Now Biff, don't con me. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Is she pretty? Doc.

Maybe you were adopted. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Sit here, Marty. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Go. Huh?

Are you okay? What? No, bastards. Yeah. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

No, Doc. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

This sounds pretty heavy. Holy shit. Yeah. Wrecked? Right.

Hello. Aw yeah, everything is great. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Listen, Doc. Doc.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Whoa, wait, Doc. Crazy drunk drivers.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Uh, look me up when you get there. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Say that again. Back to the future. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. What, I don't get what happened. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. That's him. Ahh. And where's my reports? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Back to the future. Erased from existence. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Right check, Doc.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

What the hell is this? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Thank you. In about thirty years. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Right, and where am I gonna be?

That's George McFly? Erased from existence. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? I have to tell you about the future. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I think I know exactly what you mean. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Hello.

Alright, punk, now- Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Hi. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Save the clock tower. That's George McFly?

What? Right check, Doc. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

What did you say? Marty, is that you? Go. Go. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Are those my clocks I hear?

Unroll their fire. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Never? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. You're George McFly.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? That's good advice, Marty. What, what? Let's put him in there. Right check, Doc.

Leave me alone. Children. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Where does he come from?

Ah. Whoa. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Are you okay? Huh? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. What was it, George, bird watching? That ain't no airplane, look. The flux capacitor. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Yeah, it's 8:00. Where were we. Don't say a word. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Uh, yeah. McFly. Science Fiction Theater. Really. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Yeah, who are you? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. I have to tell you about the future. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Uh, well, I gotta go. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Marty you gotta come back with me.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Right. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Sit here, Marty. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Working. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Aw yeah, everything is great. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Marty, that was very interesting music. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

Whoa, whoa, okay. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Calvin. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Next, please.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Alright, we're the pinheads. Is she pretty? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. What? C'mon, c'mon. What did you say? We never would have fallen in love.

Maybe you were adopted. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Marty. Marty. Marty. Ahh. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. What, well you mean like a date? C'mon, c'mon.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? What did I just say? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Actually, people call me Marty. What the hell is a gigawatt?

You too. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. What's a rerun? Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Huh?

Lorraine. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. That's right. That's for messing up my hair. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Oh. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Doc.

That ain't no airplane, look. Lorenzo, where're you keys? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. What, well you mean like a date?

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Hello, Jennifer. Which one's your pop? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. About how far ahead are you going?

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Where does he come from? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. No. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

What's with the life preserver? What? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Marty, such a nice name. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Thanks a lot, kid. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- That ain't no airplane, look.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Oh. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

That's George McFly. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Okay Doc, this is it. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Jesus. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Well, I guess that's everything. Yeah. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Right. No, bastards.

George. Yeah, who are you? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Who are you?

You're George McFly. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Unroll their fire. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. That ain't no airplane, look. Whoa, this is heavy. The storm. What, what, ma?

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Huh? Are those my clocks I hear?

Breakfast. Right check, Doc. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

I haven't Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Ah well, sort of.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Flux capacitor. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Quiet. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Oh, what I meant to day was- Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Will you take care of that? Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Take care. Stop it. I'm gonna ram him. Doc, you gotta help-

Yeah, it's in the back. Don't tell me anything. Right. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Doc? Who, who? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Who's are these?

So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Thanks, thanks a lot. Well, I figured, what the hell. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Whoa, wait, Doc. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Oh. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

What? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Leave me alone. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Leave me alone.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. You know what I do in those situations? What the hell is a gigawatt? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. What?

I have to tell you about the future. That's a big bruise you have there. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Who do you think, the Libyans. Doc, you gotta help-

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? You don't understand. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Yet. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. No. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Unroll their fire. McFly. Uh, I think so.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. I hope so. Let's put him in there. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? I'm gonna be at the dance.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. What about George? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Whoa, this is heavy. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. I guarantee it. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Ah. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. That's George McFly? Really. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- You too.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. What, what? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Whoa, whoa, okay. Ah. Whoa.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Doc, you gotta help- Oh. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Don't say a word. Wow, you must be rich. You okay, is everything alright? How about a ride, Mister?

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Actually, people call me Marty. You okay, is everything alright? We never would have fallen in love. Excuse me.

Sit here, Marty. Ah, honey, your first novel. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. What was it, George, bird watching?

How's your head? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. George: you ever think of running for class president? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Doc, you gotta help- Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I just wanna use the phone. Science Fiction Theater. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Right. Aw yeah, everything is great. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Ahh.

That's good advice, Marty. Jesus, you smoke too? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. That's George McFly? Right. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Uh? Huh? It's about the future, isn't it? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Ahh. Ahh. Doc, she didn't even look at him. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Yeah.

Ah, where're my pants? Ahh. McFly. Where? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Right about here. Huh? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Huh? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Sit here, Marty. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Nothing's coming to my mind. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Perfect, just perfect.

Right. Oh. No, Biff, you leave her alone. We all make mistakes in life, children Oh, what I meant to day was-

Well, I figured, what the hell. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Thank you. In about thirty years.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Marty, you made it. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. You don't understand. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? That's George McFly? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? I haven't Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Well, I guess that's everything.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Ronald Reagon. Excuse me. That's him. How's your head?

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. I just wanna use the phone.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Why not? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Will you take care of that? Yeah. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Are you sure about this storm?

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. He's a very strange young man. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Oh. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Ahh. Ahh. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Stop it. It's about the future, isn't it? What? C'mon. No.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Back to the future. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. I've gotta go.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Who do you think, the Libyans. That's him.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Who is that guy. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. This sounds pretty heavy. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Whoa, whoa, okay. George. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Why do you keep following me around? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Who do you think, the Libyans. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? I'm gonna ram him. Uh? Okay Doc, this is it.

Yeah, sure, okay. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. I have a feeling too. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

No, why, what's a matter? Science Fiction Theater. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Hello. Marty, will we ever see you again? This sounds pretty heavy.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. You have this thing hooked up to the car? And where's my reports? No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. What, I don't get what happened.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? You know what I do in those situations? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. You got a permit for that? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Yoo. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

You too. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Hello. Just finishing up the second coat now. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Next, please. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Ahh. George, help me, please.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Crazy drunk drivers. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Perfect, just perfect. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Hello, Jennifer. Well uh, good, fine. Next, please.

What? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Marty, that was very interesting music. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Get your meat hooks off of me.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. You're George McFly. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Yeah.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. The hell you doing to my car? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Wrecked?

Mom, Dad. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Save the clock tower. Oh. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- George: you ever think of running for class president? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

George, help me, please. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Hey boy, are you alright? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

What? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Are you gonna order something, kid? Yeah, who are you? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. That's good advice, Marty. He's alright. What a nightmare. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Jennifer. Wait a minute. What? C'mon, c'mon let's go.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Without any sugar. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

Yeah, where does he live? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Um, well it's a delorean, right? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Yeah, it's 8:00.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Okay. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Who? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. this has gotta be a dream. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Yoo. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. McFly. Yeah okay. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Ahh.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Which one's your pop? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. What, what, ma? About how far ahead are you going?

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. That's right. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. C'mon. Save the clock tower. Nothing's coming to my mind.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. George, help me, please. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Go. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Oh. Where were we. How's your head? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. I have to tell you about the future.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. That's a big bruise you have there. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Right.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Yeah, it's in the back. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Yeah.

Wait a minute. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Uncle Jailbird Joey? Next, please.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Thanks, thanks a lot. C'mon. Who do you think, the Libyans. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Uh, look me up when you get there. Where does he come from? I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. C'mon. I said the keys are in here.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Doc. About how far ahead are you going? Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Next, please. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Yeah.

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. What? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

God dammit, I'm late. What the hell is this? That's right. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Weight has nothing to do with it. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Are those my clocks I hear? What's the meaning of this. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Ah, honey, your first novel.

Precisely. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. George. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? It's a board with wheels. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Good morning, Mom. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Keys? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Well, this is a radiation suit. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. I have a feeling too.

George. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. I haven't

Unroll their fire. No. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Well, Biff. Will you take care of that?

Ah. Yeah, sure, okay. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. I have to tell you about the future. Oh. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. I'm gonna ram him.

We never would have fallen in love. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Well, I figured, what the hell. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Where were we. What the hell is a gigawatt? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. No. Actually, people call me Marty. Right, and where am I gonna be? Uh, Doc.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. And he could sleep in my room. What? Marty, you made it. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Say that again.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Jesus, you smoke too? George, help me, please. Yeah, I think maybe you do.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Children. Just finishing up the second coat now. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? I, I don't know. You bet. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Ohh, no. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. This is for all you lovers out there. Marty, are you alright? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Maybe you were adopted.

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Ah, honey, your first novel. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. It's a board with wheels. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

I, I don't know. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Thanks. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Watch it, Goldie. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Flux capacitor. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Is she pretty? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Oh. That's right. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Ah well, sort of. The hell you doing to my car? Marty, why are you so nervous?

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Marty. Marty. Marty. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Yeah, who are you?

Doc. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

Yoo. Oh. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Jennifer. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Flux capacitor. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Ahh. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. You're gonna be in the car with her. Huh? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Shit. Yeah, where does he live? Oh, yeah, yeah. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

Right, and where am I gonna be? You're George McFly. Working. I have to tell you about the future. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. McFly. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Well, this is a radiation suit.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Ahh. Ahh. Oh.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Mom, Dad. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. George, help me, please. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? What's that thing he's on? Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Whoa, whoa, okay. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

He's your brother, Mom. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. You bet. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Yeah. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. That's right. Stop it.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Yeah. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- That's him. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Mom, Dad.

Uh, coast guard. Marty, such a nice name. Which one's your pop? Well, this is a radiation suit. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? He's a very strange young man. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. We do now.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Your, your right. Let's put him in there. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Right check, Doc. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Yeah, I think maybe you do. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Oh. The flux capacitor.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Wait a minute. We do now. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Uh, I think so. Thank you. In about thirty years. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Uh, coast guard. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Biff. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Right. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? Did you hurt your head? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. I'll call you tonight.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. I can't play. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- That's good advice, Marty.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Yeah, sure, okay. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Ahh.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. And he could sleep in my room. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? I think I know exactly what you mean.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Right. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Uh, yeah.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Ronald Reagon. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. No, bastards.

No, why, what's a matter? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Alright, I'm ready. I think we need a rematch. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

It's my dad. Quiet. Yeah, exactly. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Yeah. God dammit, I'm late. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Mom, is that you? Sit here, Marty.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Yeah, I think maybe you do. That's George McFly. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Yeah.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? Oh yes sir. Excuse me. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc What? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Okay Doc, this is it.

Doc. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Oh.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Uh? Precisely. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Thanks, thanks a lot. Stop it. Why do you keep following me around? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? How about a ride, Mister?

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Thank you. In about thirty years. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Huh?

Biff. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Uh, coast guard. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Well uh, good, fine. Yet. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. What, I don't get what happened. Scram, McFly.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Huh? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Ah, where're my pants? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Precisely. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. That's George McFly? Yeah okay. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Right. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Yeah okay. Where the hell are they.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Because, you might regret it later in life. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Unroll their fire. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Doc. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Right check, Doc.

Marty, such a nice name. Well, Biff. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Oh. I, I don't know.

Who? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. You know what I do in those situations? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Precisely. Okay Doc, this is it.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. We do now. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Take care. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Damn. I'm late for school. Um, well it's a delorean, right? What the hell is this?

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Your, your right. Huh? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Right check, Doc. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Scram, McFly. Scram, McFly.

I haven't The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- It's about the future, isn't it? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Hi. George. Right. Yeah, sure, okay. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Yeah. Okay Doc, this is it. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I think I know exactly what you mean. Damn. I'm late for school. What, I don't get what happened.

Jesus. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. C'mon. Uh, I think so. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? What was it, George, bird watching? Alright, punk, now-

Never? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Thanks. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Wrecked? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Marty, you made it. Why not? Uh, Doc. Uh, Doc. He's a very strange young man.

About how far ahead are you going? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. How's your head? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Well, Biff. No. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Hi. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

You too. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? That's a big bruise you have there. Yeah. Let's go.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Go. Go. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... That's a big bruise you have there.

Which one's your pop? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. You okay, is everything alright? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Well, Biff. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Stop it. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Save the clock tower. What?

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Doc? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. You have this thing hooked up to the car? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Damn. I'm late for school. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Doc, you gotta help-

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. What about George?

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Do you mind if we park for a while? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

I think we need a rematch. Scram, McFly. Go. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Get your meat hooks off of me. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Its good. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Yeah, he's right here.

He's an absolute dream. Oh. Its good. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

this has gotta be a dream. Alright, I'm ready. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Ahh. this has gotta be a dream.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. I haven't Yeah.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I'll call you tonight. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

this has gotta be a dream. Now Biff, don't con me. Huh? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. I hope so. What, I don't get what happened.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Yeah. Do you mind if we park for a while? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Damn. I'm late for school. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. What's a rerun? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Hi. You do? Yeah, well history is gonna change. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Working. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Well, Biff.

What the hell is a gigawatt? What did your mother ever see in that kid? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Marty, are you alright? Yeah. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Well, I guess that's everything.

What's the meaning of this. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? What, what? Doc, wait. No, bastards. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

We never would have fallen in love. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Erased from existence. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Calvin. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Where the hell are they. Doc, you gotta help- I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Yeah, I think maybe you do. Why not? Huh? Leave her alone, you bastard.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I'm gonna be at the dance. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Where the hell are they.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. You too. Go. Go. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. What's a rerun?

Huh? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Who are you? About how far ahead are you going? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Ohh, no. Don't say a word. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Damn. I'm late for school. Right about here.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Hello. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Marty. Marty. Marty. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. C'mon. Marty, are you alright?

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. What was it, George, bird watching?

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. You have this thing hooked up to the car? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Bet your ass it works. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Doc.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Well, Biff. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Don't say a word. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Who are you? Right check, Doc.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Whoa, whoa, okay. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Right. Go.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. You do? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. What you got under here?

What, well you mean like a date? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Nothing. Listen, Doc. That's for messing up my hair.

Breakfast. That ain't no airplane, look. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. You're gonna be in the car with her. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. He's alright. Oh. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Flux capacitor. The future, it's where you're going? Right.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Let's put him in there. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I hope so. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Right. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

I'm gonna be at the dance. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Jennifer.

What you got under here? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I hope so. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. That ain't no airplane, look.

Doc. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. What? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Yeah. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

I think I know exactly what you mean. George, help me, please. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Marty, you made it. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Breakfast. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Excuse me. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Don't tell me anything. Right. Leave her alone, you bastard.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Good morning. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? The keys are in the trunk. Hello, Jennifer.

You don't understand. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Whoa, whoa, okay. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Where were we.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Oh. Working.

Huh? C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Doc. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Who are you?

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. I have to tell you about the future. I think we need a rematch. Oh. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this.

I haven't Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. No. Uh? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Let's put him in there. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Uh, I think so. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Oh, what I meant to day was- Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Who? Hello, Jennifer. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Go. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Marty, such a nice name.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Where does he come from? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Weight has nothing to do with it. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? No, Doc. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Ah, honey, your first novel. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Mom, is that you? I can't play.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? George, help me, please. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Right. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Right, I got it. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Uh, I think so. Yeah, where does he live?

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? What? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? That ain't no airplane, look. Excuse me.

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Biff. I'll call you tonight. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Are you sure about this storm?

Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Huh? Yeah, who are you?

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. The keys are in the trunk. Oh. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Yeah okay. No, bastards. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Leave me alone. Yeah, gimme a Tab. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. The storm. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? We all make mistakes in life, children

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Ohh, no. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. I'll call you tonight.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I, I don't know. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Oh. Good morning.

What's the meaning of this. No, not yet. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Keys? Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Doc. Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

That ain't no airplane, look. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. This is for all you lovers out there. Your, your right.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Let's put him in there. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. What? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

I have a feeling too. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Stop it. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

What, what, ma? What about George? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Right. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. That's for messing up my hair. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. That's George McFly. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Where were we. What, I don't get what happened. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

It's about the future, isn't it? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Oh. Oh. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. What?

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Right. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Actually, people call me Marty. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Well yeah, you know we have two of them. C'mon. Okay. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. You'll find out.

You got a permit for that? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. What? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Yeah.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? About how far ahead are you going? Well, this is a radiation suit. What you got under here?

George. Precisely. Marty, why are you so nervous? C'mon, c'mon let's go. Precisely.

Ahh. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. The hell you doing to my car?

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. You bet. Crazy drunk drivers.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

What? What's going on? Where have you been all week? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda You okay, is everything alright?

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Because, you might regret it later in life. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Huh?

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Ah, honey, your first novel. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Oh. Hello. Did you hurt your head? Ah well, sort of. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

About how far ahead are you going? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Who is that guy. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

I'm gonna be at the dance. Go. Go. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Oh, yeah, yeah. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

I will. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Right, I got it. Ah, honey, your first novel. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.
